http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._George_Illawarra_Dragons	St. George Illawarra Dragons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Conley,_Sr.	Mike Conley Sr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon_Parsons	Gordon Parsons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurodollar	Eurodollar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Marzano	John Marzano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marianne_Werdel	Marianne Werdel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rottweiler	Rottweiler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubens_Barrichello	Rubens Barrichello
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taliban	Taliban
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_I_of_Brazil	Pedro I of Brazil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona	Arizona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michigan_City,_Indiana	Michigan City, Indiana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orel_Hershiser	Orel Hershiser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulo_Alves	Paulo Alves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leicester_Tigers	Leicester Tigers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hangzhou	Hangzhou
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kleiner_Perkins_Caufield_&_Byers	Kleiner Perkins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kansas_City_Royals	Kansas City Royals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wales_national_under-21_football_team	Wales national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Segui	David Segui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/João_Domingos_Pinto	João Pinto (footballer, born 1961)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_Rangers_(baseball)	Texas Rangers (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oppenheimer_Holdings	Oppenheimer Holdings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K.S.C._Lokeren_Oost-Vlaanderen	K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernest_Faber	Ernest Faber
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Salvador_national_football_team	El Salvador national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_Banfield	Club Atlético Banfield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abimael_Guzmán	Abimael Guzmán
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yerevan	Yerevan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OKD	OKD
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocky	Rocky
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mehmet_Scholl	Mehmet Scholl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Robinson_(footballer)	John Robinson (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech_National_Bank	Czech National Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Queensland_Crushers	South Queensland Crushers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banharn_Silpa-archa	Banharn Silpa-archa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Mouland	Mark Mouland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krasnoyarsk_Krai	Krasnoyarsk Krai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpine_skiing_at_the_1994_Winter_Olympics	Alpine skiing at the 1994 Winter Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_Lloyd	Graham Lloyd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_Martínez	Pedro Martínez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simone_Greiner-Petter-Memm	Simone Greiner-Petter-Memm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tirana	Tirana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia	Philadelphia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independence_Day_(film)	Independence Day (disambiguation)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ovidiu_Stângă	Ovidiu Stîngă
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanpur	Kanpur
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uruguay	Uruguay
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectual_Property_Owners_Association	Intellectual Property Owners Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madeleine_Albright	Madeleine Albright
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Ural_Sverdlovsk_Oblast	FC Ural Yekaterinburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Transportation_Safety_Board	National Transportation Safety Board
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Norman	Greg Norman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolivia	Bolivia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newmont_Mining_Corporation	Newmont Goldcorp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mikhail_Kutuzov	Mikhail Kutuzov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eau_Claire,_Wisconsin	Eau Claire, Wisconsin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denny_Neagle	Denny Neagle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cincinnati_Reds	Cincinnati Reds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiří_Džmura	Jiří Džmura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sardinia	Sardinia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Doboş	Anton Doboș
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Tunbridge_Wells	Royal Tunbridge Wells
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Columbia	British Columbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adelaide_Football_Club	Adelaide Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_Canada	Environment and Climate Change Canada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RCD_Espanyol	RCD Espanyol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seattle_Seahawks	Seattle Seahawks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom	United Kingdom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garry_Pagel	Garry Pagel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwina_Currie	Edwina Currie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newmarket,_Suffolk	Newmarket, Suffolk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephan_Marasek	Stephan Marasek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lokomotiv_Nizhny_Novgorod	FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Życie_Warszawy	Życie Warszawy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KTM	KTM
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troy_Corser	Troy Corser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyderabad,_Sindh	Hyderabad, Sindh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkshire	Yorkshire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_language	German language
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C.F._Os_Belenenses	C.F. Os Belenenses
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cédric_Pioline	Cédric Pioline
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albanian_language	Albanian language
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costa_Rica	Costa Rica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardiff	Cardiff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felipe_Lira	Felipe Lira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenix_Coyotes	Arizona Coyotes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elena_Pampoulova	Elena Pampoulova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIFA_World_Cup	FIFA World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kansai_International_Airport	Kansai International Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RKC_Waalwijk	RKC Waalwijk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Hill_(baseball)	Ken Hill (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Volgograd	FC Volgograd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Jones_(golfer)	Steve Jones (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Bevan	Michael Bevan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_AFC_Asian_Cup	1996 AFC Asian Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tops_Markets_LLC	Tops Friendly Markets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Raine_Barker	Anthony Raine Barker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joan_Llaneras	Joan Llaneras
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_New_Zealand	Bank of New Zealand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_World_Rally_Team	Ford World Rally Team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrei_Pavel	Andrei Pavel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Board_of_Trade	Chicago Board of Trade
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_Coast_Titans	Gold Coast Titans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Kox	Peter Kox
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cleveland	Cleveland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Democratic_Party_(Germany)	Free Democratic Party (Germany)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brahim_Lahlafi	Brahim Lahlafi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fédération_Syndicale_Unitaire	Fédération Syndicale Unitaire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alina_Astafei	Alina Astafei
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moengo	Moengo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gisenyi	Gisenyi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graeme_Hick	Graeme Hick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Bowyer	Lee Bowyer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Sloboda_Tuzla	FK Sloboda Tuzla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nunthorpe_Stakes	Nunthorpe Stakes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Durham	Ray Durham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zagreb	Zagreb
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerhard_Berger	Gerhard Berger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashta	Ashta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudi_Vata	Rudi Vata
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Potapovich	Igor Potapovich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newfoundland_(island)	Newfoundland (island)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Australia	Western Australia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Dutroux	Marc Dutroux
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Cabannes	Laurent Cabannes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Elleray	David Elleray
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creutzfeldt–Jakob_disease	Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ABC_(newspaper)	ABC (newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Taylor_(cricketer)	Mark Taylor (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Lebed	Alexander Lebed
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luton_Town_F.C.	Luton Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Credit_Suisse	Credit Suisse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hart_(rugby_coach)	John Hart (rugby coach)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_Maple_Leafs	Toronto Maple Leafs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phylis_Smith	Phylis Smith
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockport_County_F.C.	Stockport County F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Island	South Island
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rob_Enderle	Rob Enderle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collingtree_Park	Collingtree Park
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASVEL_Lyon-Villeurbanne	ASVEL Basket
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefano_Tilli	Stefano Tilli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhaka_Stock_Exchange	Dhaka Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Wynalda	Eric Wynalda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anchorage,_Alaska	Anchorage, Alaska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noriyuki_Haga	Noriyuki Haga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Turner	Greg Turner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jennifer_Capriati	Jennifer Capriati
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hong_Kong_dollar	Hong Kong dollar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Henninger	Brian Henninger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Maracaibo	Lake Maracaibo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waitrose	Waitrose &amp; Partners
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/João_Vieira_Pinto	João Pinto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairview,_Texas	Fairview, Texas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tianjin	Tianjin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Félix_Mantilla_Botella	Félix Mantilla (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wednesday	Wednesday
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Doull	Simon Doull
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rafael_Palmeiro	Rafael Palmeiro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Šárka_Kašpárková	Šárka Kašpárková
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costa_Rica_national_football_team	Costa Rica national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhaka	Dhaka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rupert_Murdoch	Rupert Murdoch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Denis_Délétraz	Jean-Denis Délétraz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Vaduz	FC Vaduz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Funk	Fred Funk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Giants	New York Giants
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_National_Party	New Zealand National Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_American	African Americans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Andrade	Billy Andrade
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CNN	CNN
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bali	Bali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._W._Botha	P. W. Botha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_people	Spaniards
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linford_Christie	Linford Christie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ion_Iliescu	Ion Iliescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Simmons	Phil Simmons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banja_Luka	Banja Luka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Forsyth	Tim Forsyth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans_World_Airlines	Trans World Airlines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Vieira	Patrick Vieira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_II,_Prince_of_Monaco	Albert II, Prince of Monaco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dust_Bowl	Dust Bowl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sérgio_Conceição	Sérgio Conceição
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Madrid_C.F.	Real Madrid CF
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Such	Peter Such
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicole_Arendt	Nicole Arendt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vietnam	Vietnam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dana_Rohrabacher	Dana Rohrabacher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catania	Catania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_Florida	Supreme Court of Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congo_national_football_team	Congo national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cruz_Azul	Cruz Azul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Lara	Brian Lara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arlington,_Texas	Arlington, Texas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol	Bristol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_W._Baird	Robert W. Baird
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marubeni	Marubeni
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upul_Chandana	Upul Chandana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damion_Easley	Damion Easley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beirut	Beirut
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Čelopek	Čelopek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headingley_Stadium	Headingley Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middle_Kingdom_of_Egypt	Middle Kingdom of Egypt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Underwood	Tony Underwood
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Winslow_Bissell	John Winslow Bissell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithuania_national_football_team	Lithuania national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pavel_Nedvěd	Pavel Nedvěd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_Party	Nazi Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Celaya	Celaya F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roy_Aitken	Roy Aitken
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Wright	Ian Wright
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Irish_Times	The Irish Times
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercoppa_Italiana	Supercoppa Italiana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sterling_Hitchcock	Sterling Hitchcock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masakiyo_Maezono	Masakiyo Maezono
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilfried_Peeters	Wilfried Peeters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NARAL_Pro-Choice_America	NARAL Pro-Choice America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ebbw_Vale_RFC	Ebbw Vale RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Tiraspol	FC Tiraspol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vince_Spadea	Vince Spadea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech_Republic_Fed_Cup_team	Czech Republic Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol_Rovers_F.C.	Bristol Rovers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julio_Dely_Valdés	Julio Dely Valdés
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlotte_Bobcats	Charlotte Hornets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houston_Astros	Houston Astros
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/António_Luís_Alves_Ribeiro_Oliveira	António Oliveira (footballer, born 1952)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tauranga	Tauranga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anaheim_Ducks	Anaheim Ducks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Siragusa	Tony Siragusa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_León	Club León
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Vacek	Daniel Vacek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sakai,_Osaka	Sakai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pamplona	Pamplona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Boardman	Chris Boardman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cabinet_(government)	Cabinet (government)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris-Charles_de_Gaulle_Airport	Charles de Gaulle Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Downer	Alexander Downer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garhi_Habibullah	Garhi Habibullah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Irish	London Irish
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecuador	Ecuador
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/René_Schneider_(footballer)	René Schneider (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Junior_Murray	Junior Murray
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rose_Bowl_(stadium)	Rose Bowl (stadium)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cincinnati	Cincinnati
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Asia	Central Asia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Left_Alliance	Democratic Left Alliance
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramla	Ramla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northerns_cricket_team	Northerns (cricket team)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Narcotics_Bureau	Central Narcotics Bureau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Polonia	Luis Polonia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celsius	Celsius
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herschelle_Gibbs	Herschelle Gibbs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Jones_(rugby_union)	Ian Jones (rugby union)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Muster	Thomas Muster
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enzo_Scifo	Enzo Scifo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reading_R.F.C.	Reading R.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caracas	Caracas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franklin_D._Roosevelt	Franklin D. Roosevelt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chryste_Gaines	Chryste Gaines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wembley_Arena	Wembley Arena
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Hajduk_Beograd	FK Hajduk Beograd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saeb_Erekat	Saeb Erekat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woking_F.C.	Woking F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scuderia_Ferrari	Scuderia Ferrari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brigita_Bukovec	Brigita Bukovec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_Panhandle	Texas Panhandle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Podujevo	Podujevo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Democratic_Party_of_Germany	Social Democratic Party of Germany
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randy_Velarde	Randy Velarde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil_national_football_team	Brazil national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan	Japan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chelsea_Clinton	Chelsea Clinton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rodney_Eyles	Rodney Eyles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josh_Kronfeld	Josh Kronfeld
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._D._Deve_Gowda	H. D. Deve Gowda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darryl_Strawberry	Darryl Strawberry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fos-sur-Mer	Fos-sur-Mer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnesota_Timberwolves	Minnesota Timberwolves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerwin_Bell	Kerwin Bell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chesterfield_F.C.	Chesterfield F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hernán_Gumy	Hernán Gumy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romania	Romania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roy_Keane	Roy Keane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jens_Fiedler_(cyclist)	Jens Fiedler (cyclist)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Maria_Cañizares	José María Cañizares
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communist_Party_of_China	Communist Party of China
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsubishi_Motors	Mitsubishi Motors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Santos_Laguna	Santos Laguna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partick_Thistle_F.C.	Partick Thistle F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlético_Madrid	Atlético Madrid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bedouin	Bedouin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norm_Hewitt	Norm Hewitt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield_Wednesday_F.C.	Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilke_Wyludda	Ilke Wyludda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puebla_F.C.	Club Puebla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrea_Collinelli	Andrea Collinelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lance_Gibbs	Lance Gibbs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernama	Bernama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdullah_of_Saudi_Arabia	Abdullah of Saudi Arabia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_minister	Foreign minister
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arif_Erdem	Arif Erdem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_African_Republic	Central African Republic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolverhampton_Wanderers_F.C.	Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kubilay_Türkyilmaz	Kubilay Türkyilmaz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Kingdom	Roger Kingdom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Sant	Alfred Sant
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chesterfield	Chesterfield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gouda	Gouda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amarillo,_Texas	Amarillo, Texas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Payne_(golfer)	Jim Payne (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leopold_III_of_Belgium	Leopold III of Belgium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wen_Hui_Bao	Wenhui Bao
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saeed_Anwar	Saeed Anwar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Van_Himst	Paul Van Himst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Davis_(golfer)	Mark Davis (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrés_Galarraga	Andrés Galarraga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Spearman	Craig Spearman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludmila_Engquist	Ludmila Engquist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bachirou_Salou	Bachirou Salou
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KK_Partizan	KK Partizan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Saunders	Dean Saunders
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortitudo_Bologna	Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_Day	Labour Day
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Bromwich_Albion_F.C.	West Bromwich Albion F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Srinagar	Srinagar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot	Pol Pot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Mulholland	Terry Mulholland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nouakchott	Nouakchott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/André_Joubert	André Joubert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uzbekistan_national_football_team	Uzbekistan national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bremen_Airport	Bremen Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legia_Warszawa	Legia Warsaw
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magdalena_Maleeva	Magdalena Maleeva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ashes	The Ashes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cruzeiro_Esporte_Clube	Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korea	Korea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Srebrenica	Srebrenica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Popov_(swimmer)	Alexander Popov (swimmer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Baker	James Baker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benetton_Formula	Benetton Formula
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_State_Warriors	Golden State Warriors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_South_Wales_rugby_league_team	New South Wales rugby league team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_Acklin	Guido Acklin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HALO_Trust	HALO Trust
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fox_Broadcasting_Company	Fox Broadcasting Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gareth_Farrelly	Gareth Farrelly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Komen	Daniel Komen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miriam_Vogt	Miriam Vogt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan_Am_Flight_103	Pan Am Flight 103
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitehill_Welfare_F.C.	Whitehill Welfare F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detroit_Lions	Detroit Lions
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celtic_F.C.	Celtic F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Glickman	Dan Glickman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Kettleborough	Richard Kettleborough
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oasis_(band)	Oasis (band)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quintana_Roo	Quintana Roo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N.E.C._(football_club)	N.E.C. (football club)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altin_Haxhi	Altin Haxhi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hammerson	Hammerson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Carlos_(Spanish_footballer)	Roberto Carlos (Spanish footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Jerusalem	East Jerusalem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Britain_national_rugby_league_team	Great Britain national rugby league team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Holocaust	The Holocaust
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIDS	HIV/AIDS
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Mark_Inienger	John Mark Inienger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C.D._Guadalajara	C.D. Guadalajara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billings,_Montana	Billings, Montana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossfire_(film)	Crossfire (film)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belarus	Belarus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clyde_F.C.	Clyde F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oldham_Athletic_A.F.C.	Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaolack	Kaolack
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Chang	Michael Chang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Gray	Phil Gray
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_the_Republic_of_China	Supreme Court of the Republic of China
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samsung_Heavy_Industries	Samsung Heavy Industries
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Ventura	Robin Ventura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run_(baseball)	Run (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulsan	Ulsan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crohn's_disease	Crohn's disease
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bogra	Bogra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grupos_Antiterroristas_de_Liberación	GAL (paramilitary group)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gala_León_García	Gala León García
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lahore	Lahore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samson_Kitur	Samson Kitur
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bnei_Yehuda_Tel_Aviv_F.C.	Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashia_Hansen	Ashia Hansen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adriatic_Sea	Adriatic Sea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Strunz	Thomas Strunz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niger	Niger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neemuch	Neemuch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Barmasai	Bernard Barmasai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wyche_Fowler	Wyche Fowler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Harbaugh	Jim Harbaugh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S.C._Braga	S.C. Braga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrice_Loko	Patrice Loko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nico_van_Kerckhoven	Nico Van Kerckhoven
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Wishart	Craig Wishart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_Luxembourg	Union Luxembourg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhar	Dhar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-Soviet_states	Post-Soviet states
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Universidad_Nacional	Club Universidad Nacional
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arundel	Arundel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuchâtel	Neuchâtel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hinckley,_Jr.	John Hinckley Jr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toros_Neza	Toros Neza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colombo	Colombo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Bahia	Esporte Clube Bahia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MaliVai_Washington	MaliVai Washington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thai_Nation_Party	Thai Nation Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CNBC	CNBC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tatiana_Stiajkina	Tetyana Styazhkina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illawarra_Steelers	Illawarra Steelers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kol_Yisrael	Kol Yisrael
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Harwood	Mike Harwood
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayer_HealthCare_Pharmaceuticals	Bayer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservative_Party_(UK)	Conservative Party (UK)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austria_Fed_Cup_team	Austria Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Lewis_(cricketer)	Chris Lewis (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radka_Zrubáková	Radka Zrubáková
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirkland,_Washington	Kirkland, Washington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Universitatea_Craiova	FC U Craiova 1948
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WA_Reds	WA Reds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freiburg_im_Breisgau	Freiburg im Breisgau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vail,_Colorado	Vail, Colorado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Democrats	Australian Democrats
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netherlands_national_football_team	Netherlands national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surrey	Surrey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_9000	ISO 9000
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hansie_Cronje	Hansie Cronje
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alabama	Alabama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kofi_Annan	Kofi Annan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interior_ministry	Interior minister
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iltalehti	Iltalehti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zevenaar	Zevenaar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benazir_Bhutto	Benazir Bhutto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gdańsk	Gdańsk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northamptonshire_County_Cricket_Club	Northamptonshire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utah_Jazz	Utah Jazz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_Silva_de_Oliveira	Giovanni Silva de Oliveira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Agyepong	Francis Agyepong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fitzroy_Football_Club	Fitzroy Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finland_men's_national_ice_hockey_team	Finland men's national ice hockey team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Commons	House of Commons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Harte	Ian Harte
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luxembourg_(city)	Luxembourg City
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Curry_(golfer)	Paul Curry (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muttahida_Qaumi_Movement	Muttahida Qaumi Movement
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R.W.D._Molenbeek	R.W.D. Molenbeek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milwaukee_Brewers	Milwaukee Brewers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barentsburg	Barentsburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shimon_Peres	Shimon Peres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Alomar	Roberto Alomar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Hooper	Carl Hooper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olaf_Thon	Olaf Thon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicole_Bradtke	Nicole Bradtke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran	Iran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Stuer-Lauridsen	Thomas Stuer-Lauridsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_Shepherd_Dog	German Shepherd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_Groom	Buddy Groom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Heraf	Andreas Heraf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Proleter_Zrenjanin	FK Proleter Zrenjanin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golan_Heights	Golan Heights
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mao_Zedong	Mao Zedong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austria_national_football_team	Austria national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panhellenic_Socialist_Movement	PASOK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norway	Norway
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Carlos_(footballer)	Roberto Carlos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Baltika_Kaliningrad	FC Baltika Kaliningrad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Culpeper,_Virginia	Culpeper, Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susi_Susanti	Susi Susanti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Krylia_Sovetov_Samara	PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Russell_(motorcyclist)	Scott Russell (motorcyclist)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oakland_Raiders	Oakland Raiders
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alliance_'90/The_Greens	Alliance 90/The Greens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sultan,_Crown_Prince_of_Saudi_Arabia	Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Rafter	Pat Rafter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CD_Tenerife	CD Tenerife
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1994_Asian_Games	1994 Asian Games
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miron_Cozma	Miron Cozma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Switzerland_national_football_team	Switzerland national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Tartaglia	Antonio Tartaglia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma	Oklahoma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glamorgan_County_Cricket_Club	Glamorgan County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Statesman	Statesman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Walt_Disney_Company	The Walt Disney Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torrance_Zellner	Torrance Zellner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bild	Bild
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnus_Gustafsson	Magnus Gustafsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hadlee	Richard Hadlee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swiss_Bank_Corporation	Swiss Bank Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stéphane_Ortelli	Stéphane Ortelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Harrison	Kenny Harrison
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Stirlingshire_F.C.	East Stirlingshire F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antara_(news_agency)	Antara (news agency)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Lofton	Kenny Lofton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Joe_Fernandez	Mary Joe Fernández
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surabaya	Surabaya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Costa	Carlos Costa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_Council_of_the_People's_Republic_of_China	State Council of the People's Republic of China
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borussia_Dortmund	Borussia Dortmund
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norm_Charlton	Norm Charlton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rahul_Dravid	Rahul Dravid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paula_Radcliffe	Paula Radcliffe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo	Democratic Republic of the Congo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas	Hamas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauritania_national_football_team	Mauritania national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commerce_Bancshares	Commerce Bancshares
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruny_Surin	Bruny Surin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pável_Pardo	Pável Pardo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Toshack	John Toshack
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Labor_Party	Australian Labor Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Perry	William Perry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imola	Imola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Stephenson_(cricketer,_born_1965)	John Stephenson (cricketer, born 1965)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recep_Çetin	Recep Çetin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renzo_Furlan	Renzo Furlan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taipei	Taipei
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis	Indianapolis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sprague,_Manitoba	Sprague, Manitoba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Edwards	Colin Edwards
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathon_Power	Jonathon Power
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Channel_Islands	Channel Islands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jordan_Times	The Jordan Times
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hampshire_County_Cricket_Club	Hampshire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Sylvestre	Patrick Sylvestre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piacenza_Calcio	Piacenza Calcio 1919
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bre-X	Bre-X
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angélica_Gavaldón	Angélica Gavaldón
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabul	Kabul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Democratic_Party_(Japan)	Liberal Democratic Party (Japan)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiotelevision_of_Bosnia-Herzegovina	Radio and Television of Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefano_Zanini	Stefano Zanini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dick_Spring	Dick Spring
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamilton,_New_Zealand	Hamilton, New Zealand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galina_Malchugina	Galina Malchugina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chandra_Sturrup	Chandra Sturrup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenya_national_cricket_team	Kenya national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prudential_plc	Prudential plc
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealanders	New Zealanders
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocky_Coppinger	Rocky Coppinger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Islanders	New York Islanders
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sven_Nylander	Sven Nylander
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estudiantes_Tecos	Tecos F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poul-Erik_Høyer_Larsen	Poul-Erik Høyer Larsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confederation_of_African_Football	Confederation of African Football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Canada	Bank of Canada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Wasps	Wasps RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viva_Zapata!	Viva Zapata!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telmex	Telmex
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egyptians	Egyptians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Oklahoma	University of Oklahoma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Karpaty_Lviv	FC Karpaty Lviv
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterville,_Washington	Waterville, Washington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Dmytryk	Edward Dmytryk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_DAC_1904_Dunajská_Streda	FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Likud	Likud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Court_of_Human_Rights	European Court of Human Rights
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Fedoruk	Adam Fedoruk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaun_Pollock	Shaun Pollock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seattle_SuperSonics	Seattle SuperSonics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_Penguins	Pittsburgh Penguins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tae_Satoya	Tae Satoya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kentucky	Kentucky
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newbury,_Berkshire	Newbury, Berkshire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benson_Koech	Benson Koech
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petersburg,_Virginia	Petersburg, Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenix_Suns	Phoenix Suns
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacky_Martens	Jacky Martens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dundee_F.C.	Dundee F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_Republic_News_Agency	Islamic Republic News Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kigali	Kigali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Wellman	Brian Wellman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Arab_Emirates_national_football_team	United Arab Emirates national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alsace	Alsace
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norio_Omura	Norio Omura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larnaca	Larnaca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michaela_Dorfmeister	Michaela Dorfmeister
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toni_Polster	Toni Polster
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whistler,_British_Columbia	Whistler, British Columbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Cóceres	José Cóceres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torino_F.C.	Torino F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moscow_Kremlin	Moscow Kremlin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenio_Corini	Eugenio Corini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lansana_Conté	Lansana Conté
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amstetten,_Lower_Austria	Amstetten, Lower Austria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Hunter_(golfer)	Adam Hunter (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_Betschart	Kurt Betschart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Gleeson_(journalist)	Mark Gleeson (journalist)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nevada	Nevada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renate_Götschl	Renate Götschl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Gradin	Anita Gradin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monica_Seles	Monica Seles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO	NATO
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Air_Traffic_Services	NATS Holdings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_people	Arabs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osmond_Ezinwa	Osmond Ezinwa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Sanz	Fernando Sanz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germán_Villa	Germán Villa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fritz_van_Heerden	Fritz van Heerden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bury_F.C.	Bury F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso	Fernando Henrique Cardoso
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lihir_Island	Lihir Island
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tijani_Babangida	Tijani Babangida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Howell_(golfer)	David Howell (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvin_Harrison	Marvin Harrison
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Currin	Brian Currin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernesto_Samper	Ernesto Samper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_Hellers	Guy Hellers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottawa_Senators	Ottawa Senators
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiron_Corporation	Chiron Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Valladolid	Real Valladolid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zalaegerszegi_TE	Zalaegerszegi TE
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amr_Moussa	Amr Moussa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weston-super-Mare	Weston-super-Mare
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audi	Audi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Wilson_(rugby_union)	David Wilson (rugby union, born 1985)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republican_Rally_for_Democracy_in_Rwanda	Republican Rally for Democracy in Rwanda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Televisa	Televisa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vatican_Library	Vatican Library
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Escort	Ford Escort
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_of_Democratic_Socialism_(Germany)	Party of Democratic Socialism (Germany)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebrew_language	Hebrew language
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniele_Carnasciali	Daniele Carnasciali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paramount_Pictures	Paramount Pictures
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GKS_Bełchatów	GKS Bełchatów
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts	Massachusetts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veronica_Brenner	Veronica Brenner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rio_de_Janeiro	Rio de Janeiro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_California_Open	Southern California Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_DiSarcina	Gary DiSarcina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_John_Paul_II	Pope John Paul II
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Kennedy	Terry Kennedy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrikaner	Afrikaners
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papendrecht	Papendrecht
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institute_of_Policy_Studies_(Singapore)	Institute of Policy Studies (Singapore)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortuna_Sittard	Fortuna Sittard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edinburgh	Edinburgh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karin_Kschwendt	Karin Kschwendt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lukoil	Lukoil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurie_Brereton	Laurie Brereton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vladimir_Dubrovshchik	Vladimir Dubrovshchik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pavel_Muslimov	Pavel Muslimov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Ross	Dennis Ross
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indre	Indre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trinidad	Trinidad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motherwell_F.C.	Motherwell F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson,_New_Zealand	Nelson, New Zealand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_James	Raymond James Financial
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liaoning	Liaoning
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_Platense	Club Atlético Platense
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricardo_Peláez	Ricardo Peláez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michigan_National_Bank	Michigan National Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harold_Baines	Harold Baines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SC_Bastia	SC Bastia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cal_Ripken,_Jr.	Cal Ripken Jr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portland_Trail_Blazers	Portland Trail Blazers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yedioth_Ahronoth	Yedioth Ahronoth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporación_Venezolana_de_Guayana	Corporación Venezolana de Guayana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Democratic_Party_(Japan)	Social Democratic Party (Japan)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franziska_Schenk	Franziska Schenk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicolás_Pereira	Nicolás Pereira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_Roosevelt_Weld	Susan Roosevelt Weld
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labor_Day	Labor Day
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Groningen	FC Groningen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Offerman	José Offerman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kennet_Andersson	Kennet Andersson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manama	Manama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janette_Husárová	Janette Husárová
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Toubon	Jacques Toubon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mangosuthu_Buthelezi	Mangosuthu Buthelezi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liam_Botham	Liam Botham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aamer_Sohail	Aamer Sohail
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fidel_Castro	Fidel Castro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_district_court	United States district court
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nottingham	Nottingham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Boles_(baseball)	John Boles (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L-Orizzont	L-Orizzont
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uzi	Uzi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romano_Prodi	Romano Prodi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourth_World_Conference_on_Women	World Conference on Women, 1995
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vale_(mining_company)	Vale (company)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Tebbutt	Michael Tebbutt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1966_FIFA_World_Cup	1966 FIFA World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ville_Peltonen	Ville Peltonen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motohiro_Yamaguchi	Motohiro Yamaguchi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Kareda_Kaunas	FK Kareda Kaunas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippe_Ermenault	Philippe Ermenault
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlton_Athletic_F.C.	Charlton Athletic F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huddersfield_Town_F.C.	Huddersfield Town A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Fletcher	Keith Fletcher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Trading_System	Russian Trading System
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Leboeuf	Frank Leboeuf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axis_Bank	Axis Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dmitri_Markov	Dmitri Markov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Ain	Al Ain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburger_SV	Hamburger SV
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Filipe_Ximenes_Belo	Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helibor	Helibor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Washington	Anthony Washington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisbeth_Stuer-Lauridsen	Lisbeth Stuer-Lauridsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountain_View,_California	Mountain View, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moustapha_Niasse	Moustapha Niasse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkadiusz_Bąk	Arkadiusz Bąk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/São_Paulo_(state)	São Paulo (state)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolf_Fringer	Rolf Fringer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amara_Essy	Amara Essy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Thompson	Justin Thompson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_River	Amazon River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Caledonia	New Caledonia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newport_Gwent_Dragons	Dragons (rugby union)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokyo	Tokyo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bukavu	Bukavu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bohdan_Ulihrach	Bohdan Ulihrach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stung_Treng	Stung Treng
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limerick	Limerick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Champions_League	UEFA Champions League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City	New York City
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dianne_Feinstein	Dianne Feinstein
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilmarnock_F.C.	Kilmarnock F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steptoe_&_Johnson	Steptoe &amp; Johnson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Lama	Bernard Lama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VeriSign	Verisign
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico	Mexico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester-le-Street	Chester-le-Street
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherbourg-Octeville	Cherbourg-Octeville
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariano_Duncan	Mariano Duncan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murphy_Jensen	Murphy Jensen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashford_Town_F.C._(Kent)	Ashford United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Unser,_Jr.	Al Unser Jr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karin_Janke	Karin Janke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Stich	Michael Stich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarence_Woolmer	Clarence Woolmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_utilities_commission	Public utilities commission
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Party_Sakigake	New Party Sakigake
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudbury_Town_F.C.	Sudbury Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muzaffarabad	Muzaffarabad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rafael_Alkorta	Rafael Alkorta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ducati_Corse	Ducati Corse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K.F.C._Lommel_S.K.	K.F.C. Lommel S.K.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russia_national_football_team	Russia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middle_East	Middle East
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)	Java (programming language)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_Steelers	Pittsburgh Steelers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ove_Sellberg	Ove Sellberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/René_Eijkelkamp	René Eijkelkamp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tour_de_Suisse	Tour de Suisse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kecskemét	Kecskemét
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bertelsmann	Bertelsmann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linz	Linz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olga_Chernyavskaya	Olga Chernyavskaya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mona_Eltahawy	Mona Eltahawy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlo_Ancelotti	Carlo Ancelotti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosario,_Santa_Fe	Rosario, Santa Fe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandundu	Bandundu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Valentín	José Valentín
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkish_Armed_Forces	Turkish Armed Forces
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Graham	Kim Graham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Fitzpatrick	Sean Fitzpatrick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carroll_A._Campbell,_Jr.	Carroll A. Campbell Jr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michigan	Michigan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Alania_Vladikavkaz	FC Spartak Vladikavkaz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chişinău	Chișinău
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Pavón	Carlos Pavón
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africa	Africa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris,_Arkansas	Paris, Arkansas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Finley	Steve Finley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barvikha	Barvikha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithuania_national_under-21_football_team	Lithuania national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Kremin_Kremenchuk	MFC Kremin Kremenchuk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C._Rangarajan	C. Rangarajan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mickey_Kantor	Mickey Kantor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sali_Berisha	Sali Berisha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_McIntyre	Elizabeth McIntyre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hampshire	Hampshire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilian_Thuram	Lilian Thuram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Blair	Tony Blair
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobutu_Sese_Seko	Mobutu Sese Seko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_Press_Association	New Zealand Press Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adrian_Voinea	Adrian Voinea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mother_Teresa	Mother Teresa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenya_national_football_team	Kenya national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Flower	Andy Flower
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web	World Wide Web
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reserve_Bank_of_India	Reserve Bank of India
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenn_McGrath	Glenn McGrath
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KK_Cibona	KK Cibona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulham_F.C.	Fulham F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jens_Todt	Jens Todt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Islamic_Front	National Islamic Front
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Richards_(rugby_union)	Dean Richards (rugby union)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_McNamara_(baseball)	John McNamara (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SoftBank	SoftBank Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xiao_Qiang	Xiao Qiang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inés_Gorrochategui	Inés Gorrochategui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Nicholas	Saint Nicholas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Dekker	Mark Dekker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markus_Feldhoff	Markus Feldhoff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar_Rentería	Édgar Rentería
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strasbourg	Strasbourg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algeria	Algeria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troy_Vincent	Troy Vincent
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarence_Rose	Clarence Rose
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manhattan_Beach,_California	Manhattan Beach, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TSV_1860_München	TSV 1860 Munich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amman	Amman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Busemann	Frank Busemann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalya_Pomoshchnikova-Voronova	Natalya Pomoshchnikova-Voronova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_News_of_India	United News of India
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannes_Strydom	Hannes Strydom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miami_Dolphins	Miami Dolphins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_Antrim	County Antrim
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Wizards	Washington Wizards
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindy_Remigino	Lindy Remigino
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordan_River	Jordan River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_cricketers_of_South_African_origin	International cricketers of South African origin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellina_Zvereva	Ellina Zvereva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Brooke	Robin Brooke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frédéric_Magné	Frédéric Magné
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Springfield,_Massachusetts	Springfield, Massachusetts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AT&T_Classic	Atlanta Classic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stéphane_Henchoz	Stéphane Henchoz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montenegrins	Montenegrins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_of_the_South_F.C.	Queen of the South F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_&_Poor's	Standard &amp; Poor's
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBC	BBC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portuguese_Liga	Primeira Liga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm	Stockholm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Smoltz	John Smoltz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hassan_Abbas	Hassan Abbas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco_Giants	San Francisco Giants
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IFK_Göteborg	IFK Göteborg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IK_Start	IK Start
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevor_Dodds	Trevor Dodds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Tel_Aviv_F.C.	Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rugby_World_Cup	Rugby World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Hines	Jim Hines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_China	Taiwan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Jackson	Colin Jackson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Michigan	University of Michigan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grant_Stafford	Grant Stafford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurice_Baril	Maurice Baril
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rogers_Cup_(tennis)	Canadian Open (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naina_Yeltsina	Naina Yeltsina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkish_Cypriots	Turkish Cypriots
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_Daily	China Daily
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ejup_Ganić	Ejup Ganić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Didier_Deschamps	Didier Deschamps
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hong_Kong_Economic_Times	Hong Kong Economic Times
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darius_Milhaud	Darius Milhaud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canopic_jar	Canopic jar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_McAllister	Stephen McAllister
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Testament	Old Testament
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietmar_Hirsch	Dietmar Hirsch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Lewis	Carl Lewis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Hemisphere	Western Hemisphere
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faroe_Islands	Faroe Islands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Tracy	Paul Tracy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bixente_Lizarazu	Bixente Lizarazu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Sydney_Bears	North Sydney Bears
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Fashanu	John Fashanu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Administration_of_Customs	General Administration of Customs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henrik_Larsson	Henrik Larsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robbie_Fowler	Robbie Fowler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jos_Verstappen	Jos Verstappen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ieng_Sary	Ieng Sary
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martela	Martela
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_Island	Long Island
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Coruña	A Coruña
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasrallah_Boutros_Sfeir	Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qing_Dynasty	Qing dynasty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia_76ers	Philadelphia 76ers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Suburbs_Magpies	Western Suburbs Magpies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alejandro_Agustín_Lanusse	Alejandro Agustín Lanusse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_Army	Mexican Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrikaans	Afrikaans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Di_Canio	Paolo Di Canio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sri_Lanka_national_cricket_team	Sri Lanka national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tallahassee,_Florida	Tallahassee, Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulo_Bento	Paulo Bento
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abel_Antón	Abel Antón
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FDA_(trade_union)	FDA (trade union)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Ducruet	Daniel Ducruet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CS_Jiul_Petroşani	CSM Jiul Petroșani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karlsruher_SC	Karlsruher SC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_Maynard	Matthew Maynard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finland	Finland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellis_Burks	Ellis Burks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_McManaman	Steve McManaman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rika_Hiraki	Rika Hiraki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Stadler	Craig Stadler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_Transport_Corporation	Public Transport Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inder_Kumar_Gujral	I. K. Gujral
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allan_Donald	Allan Donald
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Petersburg,_Florida	St. Petersburg, Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rayo_Vallecano	Rayo Vallecano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NTV_(Russia)	NTV (Russia)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Emilio_Amavisca	José Amavisca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England	England
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Charvet	Laurent Charvet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_United_F.C.	Boston United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthias_Sammer	Matthias Sammer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Des_Moines,_Iowa	Des Moines, Iowa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bern	Bern
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Witschge	Richard Witschge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brisbane	Brisbane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Huisman	Rick Huisman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zinedine_Zidane	Zinedine Zidane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max_Delbrück	Max Delbrück
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nathalie_Lancien	Nathalie Lancien
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gil_Vicente_F.C.	Gil Vicente F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunnes_Stores	Dunnes Stores
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leicester_City_F.C.	Leicester City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veliko_Tarnovo	Veliko Tarnovo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominic_Hewson	Dominic Hewson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriela_Sabatini	Gabriela Sabatini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Kennedy_(athlete)	Bob Kennedy (runner)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bistriţa	Bistrița
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Commission	European Commission
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Fernandez_(baseball)	Alex Fernandez (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jakob_Hlasek	Jakob Hlasek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweden	Sweden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Livingston_F.C.	Livingston F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bharatiya_Janata_Party	Bharatiya Janata Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rui_Correia	Rui Correia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Benes	Alan Benes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebastian_Lindholm	Sebastian Lindholm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duff_&_Phelps	Duff &amp; Phelps
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niall_Quinn	Niall Quinn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dallas_Mavericks	Dallas Mavericks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Reeve	Christopher Reeve
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geir_Moen	Geir Moen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everton_F.C.	Everton F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republican_National_Convention	Republican National Convention
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunday_Bada	Sunday Bada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Recorder	Business Recorder
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Salisbury	Ian Salisbury
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalya_Sadova	Natalya Sadova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newport_RFC	Newport RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Tech_Hokies_football	Virginia Tech Hokies football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yangon_Technological_University	Yangon Technological University
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Søren_Jessen-Petersen	Søren Jessen-Petersen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bratislava	Bratislava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamberto_Dini	Lamberto Dini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Caminiti	Ken Caminiti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia_Eagles	Philadelphia Eagles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameroon_national_football_team	Cameroon national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cleveland_Indians	Cleveland Indians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brisbane_Lions	Brisbane Lions
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Redgrave	Steve Redgrave
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calgary_Flames	Calgary Flames
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_Hitler	Adolf Hitler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Husaberg	Husaberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julián_Tavárez	Julián Tavárez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Serbian_Krajina	Republic of Serbian Krajina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beth_Daniel	Beth Daniel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malta_national_football_team	Malta national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ajaccio	Ajaccio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackie_McNamara	Jackie McNamara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Stanić	Mario Stanić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanjug	Tanjug
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aung_San_Suu_Kyi	Aung San Suu Kyi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_International_Monetary_Exchange	Singapore International Monetary Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Brugge_K.V.	Club Brugge KV
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ewald_Brenner	Ewald Brenner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Foreign_Affairs_of_the_People's_Republic_of_China	Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liviu_Ciobotariu	Liviu Ciobotariu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Bulls	Chicago Bulls
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colombian_Liberal_Party	Colombian Liberal Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Draper	Scott Draper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stirling	Stirling
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dariusz_Wosz	Dariusz Wosz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Edmonds	Jim Edmonds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khasavyurt	Khasavyurt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellis_Park_Stadium	Ellis Park Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiří_Novák	Jiří Novák
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hendro_Kartiko	Hendro Kartiko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Shi-ting	Wang Shi-ting
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Worth,_Texas	Fort Worth, Texas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goran_Ivanišević	Goran Ivanišević
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Górnik_Zabrze	Górnik Zabrze
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASEAN	Association of Southeast Asian Nations
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watford_F.C.	Watford F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitali_Smirnov	Vitali Smirnov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankfurt_am_Main	Frankfurt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Parra_(baseball)	José Parra (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wuhan	Wuhan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcelo_Salas	Marcelo Salas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medellín	Medellín
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mali	Mali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Overmars	Marc Overmars
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Åsa_Svensson	Åsa Svensson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hengelo	Hengelo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libya	Libya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mats_Lanner	Mats Lanner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnold_Rüütel	Arnold Rüütel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgarians	Bulgarians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ireland_national_rugby_union_team	Ireland national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KinderCare_Learning_Centers	KinderCare Learning Centers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.C._Reggiana_1919	Reggio Audace F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_Grain_Commission	Canadian Grain Commission
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valencia,_Spain	Valencia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferrari	Ferrari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borodino_(village),_Mozhaysky_District,_Moscow_Oblast	Borodino (village), Mozhaysky District, Moscow Oblast
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portadown_F.C.	Portadown F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luanda	Luanda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Broadhurst	Paul Broadhurst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Dalton_(rugby_player)	James Dalton (rugby player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Tergat	Paul Tergat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byron_Black	Byron Black
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Y._Simon	John Y. Simon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JCPenney_Classic	JCPenney Classic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.C._Sampdoria	U.C. Sampdoria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunisia	Tunisia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satoshi_Higashi	Satoshi Higashi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Retief_Goosen	Retief Goosen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filip_Dewulf	Filip Dewulf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damon_Hill	Damon Hill
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobby_Robson	Bobby Robson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CeBIT	CEBIT
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chuck_Adams	Chuck Adams
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bogotá	Bogotá
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bharat_Ratna	Bharat Ratna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnesota_Vikings	Minnesota Vikings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik_Zabel	Erik Zabel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andriy_Medvedev	Andriy Medvedev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Little_(rugby_player)	Walter Little (rugby player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PSV_Eindhoven	PSV Eindhoven
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zine_El_Abidine_Ben_Ali	Zine El Abidine Ben Ali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunvant_RFC	Dunvant RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England_national_rugby_union_team	England national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephanie_Storp	Stephanie Storp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AZ_(football_club)	AZ Alkmaar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Schöttel	Peter Schöttel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Jersey_Nets	Brooklyn Nets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludmila_Richterová	Ludmila Richterová
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Inter_Bratislava	FK Inter Bratislava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rambo_(film_series)	Rambo (franchise)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.C._ChievoVerona	A.C. ChievoVerona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyprus	Cyprus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grêmio_Foot-Ball_Porto_Alegrense	Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech_Republic_men's_national_ice_hockey_team	Czech Republic men's national ice hockey team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Ham_United_F.C.	West Ham United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Carretero	Roberto Carretero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caroline,_Princess_of_Hanover	Caroline, Princess of Hanover
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Clemens	Roger Clemens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serbia	Serbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hal_Morris	Hal Morris
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India_national_cricket_team	India national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Milla	Luis Milla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jana_Kandarr	Jana Kandarr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiroshige_Yanagimoto	Hiroshige Yanagimoto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Eusebio	Tony Eusebio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noureddine_Morceli	Noureddine Morceli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union	European Union
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.S._Bari	S.S.C. Bari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Greig	Tony Greig
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thessaloniki	Thessaloniki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergiyev_Posad	Sergiyev Posad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madagascar	Madagascar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympiad	Olympiad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech_Republic_national_football_team	Czech Republic national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sulaymaniyah	Sulaymaniyah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dale_McIntosh	Dale McIntosh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Nations_XV	Five Nations XV v Overseas Unions XV
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_Belgian_Grand_Prix	1996 Belgian Grand Prix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warrington_Wolves	Warrington Wolves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EgyptAir	EgyptAir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Football_Association_of_Ireland	Football Association of Ireland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curtis_Fleming	Curtis Fleming
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almere	Almere
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Davies	Billy Davies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damian_Lynch	Damian Lynch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Economic_Community	European Economic Community
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chesapeake,_Virginia	Chesapeake, Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dante_Bichette	Dante Bichette
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulinho_Santos	Paulinho Santos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilary_Lindh	Hilary Lindh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wales	Wales
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangladesh	Bangladesh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noriaki_Kasai	Noriaki Kasai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronnie_Irani	Ronnie Irani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Mitchell	Dennis Mitchell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Koha_Jonë	Koha Jonë
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Stampa	La Stampa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Fetters	Mike Fetters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sepp_Dostthaler	Sepp Dostthaler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambridge_United_F.C.	Cambridge United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrows	Arrows
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chelsea_F.C.	Chelsea F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rostelecom	Rostelecom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Onyali-Omagbemi	Mary Onyali-Omagbemi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redmond,_Washington	Redmond, Washington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Coltart	Andrew Coltart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Hincapie	George Hincapie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Carter_(golfer)	David Carter (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nail_Beširović	Nail Beširović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lugano	FC Lugano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wembley_Stadium	Wembley Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alla_Dudayeva	Alla Dudayeva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Veterinary_Medical_Association	American Veterinary Medical Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuart_Law	Stuart Law
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariano_Bombarda	Mariano Bombarda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buñol	Buñol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dresden_Airport	Dresden Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sivas	Sivas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vampeta	Vampeta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gartner	Gartner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexei_Markov	Alexei Markov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AS_Nancy	AS Nancy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Matete	Samuel Matete
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germans	Germans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kassala	Kassala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma_Panhandle	Oklahoma Panhandle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zimbabwe_national_football_team	Zimbabwe national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rugby_league	Rugby league
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francesco_Mazzariol	Francesco Mazzariol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joost_van_der_Westhuizen	Joost van der Westhuizen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bordeaux	Bordeaux
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keirin	Keirin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Thomas_(athlete)	Eric Thomas (hurdler)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Bachini	Jonathan Bachini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmed_Yassin	Ahmed Yassin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doug_Flach	Doug Flach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poland_national_football_team	Poland national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boxer_Protocol	Boxer Protocol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Per_Nyman	Per Nyman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Popplewell	Nick Popplewell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverness_Thistle_F.C.	Inverness Thistle F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alistair_Campbell_(cricketer)	Alistair Campbell (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carla_Sacramento	Carla Sacramento
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guillermo_Amor	Guillermo Amor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hereford_United_F.C.	Hereford United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lokomotíva_Košice	FC Lokomotíva Košice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Airlines	American Airlines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muammar_al-Gaddafi	Muammar Gaddafi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Emon	Albert Emon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunn_Margit_Andreassen	Gunn Margit Andreassen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liam_Gallagher	Liam Gallagher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hezbi_Islami	Hezbi Islami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Rosset	Marc Rosset
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.C._Cesena	A.C. Cesena
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_McGwire	Mark McGwire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Espen_Bredesen	Espen Bredesen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Burley	Craig Burley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_Chemical_Company	Dow Chemical Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Black	Roger Black
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternit	Eternit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nobel_Prize	Nobel Prize
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_people	Chinese people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russia	Russia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California	California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republika_(Indonesian_newspaper)	Republika (Indonesian newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Webster	Steve Webster
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Gilbert_(cricketer)	Dave Gilbert (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Courier	Jim Courier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Jerusalem_F.C.	Hapoel Jerusalem F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MBC_Dynamo_Moscow	MBC Dynamo Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Bjørn	Thomas Bjørn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creedmoor,_North_Carolina	Creedmoor, North Carolina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Heathrow_Airport	Heathrow Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_Wengert	Don Wengert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Slight	Aaron Slight
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_Grobbelaar	Bruce Grobbelaar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cologne	Cologne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Territories	New Territories
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qasr-e_Shirin	Qasr-e Shirin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_League	Super League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Iraqi_News_Agency	National Iraqi News Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angel_Miranda	Ángel Miranda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Woodbridge	Todd Woodbridge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jorge_Cadete	Jorge Cadete
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moses_Kiptanui	Moses Kiptanui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mika_Salo	Mika Salo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Kilda_Football_Club	St Kilda Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Jalabert	Laurent Jalabert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serhiy_Rebrov	Serhiy Rebrov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cairo	Cairo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Bravo	Daniel Bravo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Seeliger	Thomas Seeliger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Kiernan	Tom Kiernan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montenegro	Montenegro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reading_F.C.	Reading F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Jordan,_Baron_Jordan	Bill Jordan, Baron Jordan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ionel_Dănciulescu	Ionel Dănciulescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indigenous_peoples_of_the_Americas	Indigenous peoples of the Americas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympique_de_Marseille	Olympique de Marseille
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Celtics	Boston Celtics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Tapie	Bernard Tapie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Tekstilshchik_Kamyshin	FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corey_Pavin	Corey Pavin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney	Sydney
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Ashley	Billy Ashley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottawa_67's	Ottawa 67's
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Akpoborie	Jonathan Akpoborie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacksonville_Jaguars	Jacksonville Jaguars
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Hottiger	Marc Hottiger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C.F._Pachuca	C.F. Pachuca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commission_on_Presidential_Debates	Commission on Presidential Debates
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon_I	Napoleon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Rostov	FC Rostov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Van_Allen	James Van Allen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richey_Reneberg	Richey Reneberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgia_(U.S._state)	Georgia (U.S. state)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Itamar_Rabinovich	Itamar Rabinovich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turnhout	Turnhout
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tansu_Çiller	Tansu Çiller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcelo_Filippini	Marcelo Filippini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Rubin	Robert Rubin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MMC_Norilsk_Nickel	Nornickel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iberian_Peninsula	Iberian Peninsula
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bahamas	The Bahamas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe_1	Europe 1
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athletic_Bilbao	Athletic Bilbao
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queensland	Queensland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suwon_Samsung_Bluewings	Suwon Samsung Bluewings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Finland	Bank of Finland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stansted_Mountfitchet	Stansted Mountfitchet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefka_Kostadinova	Stefka Kostadinova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oran	Oran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1._FC_Köln	1. FC Köln
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Clinical_Hospital	Central Clinical Hospital
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essex_County_Cricket_Club	Essex County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egypt	Egypt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay_Buhner	Jay Buhner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Okocim	Okocim
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bertrand_Crasson	Bertrand Crasson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Stickroth	Thomas Stickroth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CB_Sevilla	Real Betis Baloncesto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nagoya	Nagoya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohali	Mohali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elena_Makarova	Elena Makarova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent_State_of_Croatia	Independent State of Croatia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pembroke_Pines,_Florida	Pembroke Pines, Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Watan	El Watan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1995_Rugby_World_Cup	1995 Rugby World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turin	Turin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newt_Gingrich	Newt Gingrich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_Coast_Chargers	Gold Coast Chargers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waqar_Younis	Waqar Younis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dili	Dili
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discovery_Channel_Pro_Cycling_Team	U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Johnstone_F.C.	St Johnstone F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mika_Häkkinen	Mika Häkkinen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rusty_Greer	Rusty Greer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurostat	Eurostat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauritania	Mauritania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Sang	Patrick Sang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_of_Arabia_(film)	Lawrence of Arabia (film)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jerusalem_Post	The Jerusalem Post
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IndyCar_Series	IndyCar Series
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falk_Balzer	Falk Balzer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mikhail_Gorbachev	Mikhail Gorbachev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Stankowski	Paul Stankowski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sri_Lankan_Tamil_people	Sri Lankan Tamils
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nawaz_Sharif	Nawaz Sharif
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DFB-Pokal	DFB-Pokal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gloucestershire_County_Cricket_Club	Gloucestershire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castle_Park_Cricket_Ground	Castle Park Cricket Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Press_Trust_of_India	Press Trust of India
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roxbury,_Vermont	Roxbury, Vermont
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Oil_Corporation	Indian Oil Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandrine_Testud	Sandrine Testud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nation	The Nation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shigeki_Maruyama	Shigeki Maruyama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryder_Cup	Ryder Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyran_Bracken	Kyran Bracken
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carsten_Ramelow	Carsten Ramelow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Johnson_(cricketer)	Paul Johnson (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcelo_Ríos	Marcelo Ríos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London	London
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swindon_Town_F.C.	Swindon Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johan_Museeuw	Johan Museeuw
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olo_Brown	Olo Brown
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japie_Mulder	Japie Mulder
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shiraz	Shiraz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korea_Republic_national_football_team	South Korea national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuzo_Matsuoka	Shuzo Matsuoka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Slam_Cup	Grand Slam Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Congress	United States Congress
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boca_Juniors	Boca Juniors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sierakowice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship	Sierakowice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_New_England_Telecommunications	Southern New England Telecommunications
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Cup_Winners'_Cup	UEFA Cup Winners' Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Torpedo_Moscow	FC Torpedo Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel	Israel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Dillard	Harrison Dillard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pavel_Polomský	Pavel Polomský
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luc_Nilis	Luc Nilis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France	France
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Board_of_Control_for_Cricket_in_India	Board of Control for Cricket in India
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakkâri_Province	Hakkâri Province
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Hub	Henry Hub
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Numan	Arthur Numan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_María_Aznar	José María Aznar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Álvaro_Espinoza	Álvaro Espinoza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Benes	Andy Benes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suriname	Suriname
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Reiziger	Michael Reiziger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jules_Maigret	Jules Maigret
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Zeyer	Andreas Zeyer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Lynagh	Michael Lynagh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Budapest	Budapest
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murrayfield_Stadium	Murrayfield Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lien_Chan	Lien Chan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persian_Gulf	Persian Gulf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Action_Against_Hunger	Action Against Hunger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Herbert	Johnny Herbert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denver	Denver
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warsaw_Pact	Warsaw Pact
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bilbao	Bilbao
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonesia	Indonesia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraqi_Kurdistan	Iraqi Kurdistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jansher_Khan	Jansher Khan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_McMillan	Brian McMillan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercedes-Benz	Mercedes-Benz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metropolitan_Museum_of_Art	Metropolitan Museum of Art
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ty_Detmer	Ty Detmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victoria_(Australia)	Victoria (Australia)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_Davis_Cup_team	Australia Davis Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIS_Freestyle_Skiing_World_Cup	FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympic_Airlines	Olympic Airlines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Rusedski	Greg Rusedski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alain_Caveglia	Alain Caveglia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swerford	Swerford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nico-Jan_Hoogma	Nico-Jan Hoogma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NewYork–Presbyterian_Hospital	NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Spence	Jamie Spence
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wim_Jonk	Wim Jonk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brent_Mayne	Brent Mayne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Bunce	Frank Bunce
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telfer_Mine	Telfer Mine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skeleton_Canyon	Skeleton Canyon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Open_(tennis)	US Open (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_Buyoya	Pierre Buyoya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romanian_National_Unity_Party	Romanian National Unity Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Davis	Calvin Davis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C.F._Monterrey	C.F. Monterrey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humayun_Rashid_Choudhury	Humayun Rashid Choudhury
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayne_Westner	Wayne Westner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marseille	Marseille
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthuan_Maybank	Anthuan Maybank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackburn_Rovers_F.C.	Blackburn Rovers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indiana_Pacers	Indiana Pacers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namibia	Namibia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millwall_F.C.	Millwall F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenneth_Eriksson	Kenneth Eriksson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Shakhtar_Donetsk	FC Shakhtar Donetsk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remington_Model_8	Remington Model 8
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Motor_Company	Ford Motor Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Debbah	James Debbah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslo	Oslo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Masters	British Masters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_Games	Commonwealth Games
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widzew_Łódź	Widzew Łódź
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1._FC_Tatran_Prešov	1. FC Tatran Prešov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glentoran_F.C.	Glentoran F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Island	North Island
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Reagan	Ronald Reagan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grupo_Santander	Banco Santander
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidwell_Friends_School	Sidwell Friends School
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eddie_Irvine	Eddie Irvine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jennifer_Flavin	Jennifer Flavin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Branch	Michael Branch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duhok,_Iraq	Duhok
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enrique_Alfaro	Enrique Alfaro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Herzog	Andi Herzog
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimmy_Thomson_(footballer)	James Thomson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association	National Collegiate Athletic Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dumbarton_F.C.	Dumbarton F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Hurst	Pat Hurst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Duffield	George Duffield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jans_Koerts	Jans Koerts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Crowley_(athlete)	Margaret Crowley (athlete)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meghann_Shaughnessy	Meghann Shaughnessy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danny_Blind	Danny Blind
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_McKinnon	Don McKinnon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yangon	Yangon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seoul	Seoul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield_Shield	Sheffield Shield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matt_Burke	Matt Burke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prensa_Latina	Prensa Latina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Wheaton	David Wheaton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worcestershire_County_Cricket_Club	Worcestershire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Cairns	Chris Cairns
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wall_Street_Journal	The Wall Street Journal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Petrescu	Dan Petrescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sylvester_Stallone	Sylvester Stallone
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katarína_Studeníková	Katarína Studeníková
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vince_Wells	Vince Wells
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sale_Grammar_School	Sale Grammar School
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Van_de_Velde	Jean van de Velde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO_intervention_in_Bosnia	NATO intervention in Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruben_Kruger	Ruben Kruger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KeyBank	KeyBank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Flamengo	Esporte Clube Flamengo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercopa_de_España	Supercopa de España
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Roche	Tony Roche
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Michael_Gorst	John Gorst (Hendon North MP)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine_Basketball_Association	Philippine Basketball Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tegucigalpa	Tegucigalpa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pamir_Mountains	Pamir Mountains
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiroshi_Nanami	Hiroshi Nanami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Esnáider	Juan Esnáider
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Arab_Emirates	United Arab Emirates
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheikh_Hasina	Sheikh Hasina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravi_River	Ravi River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berwick_Rangers_F.C.	Berwick Rangers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcelo_Silva_Ramos	Marcelo Ramos (footballer, born 1973)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia_Flyers	Philadelphia Flyers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnetonka,_Minnesota	Minnetonka, Minnesota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Jaha	John Jaha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topoľčany	Topoľčany
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melbourne	Melbourne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoffrey_Fieger	Geoffrey Fieger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eduard_Gritsun	Eduard Gritsun
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Turn_(memoir)	My Turn (memoir)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UBS	UBS
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobil	Mobil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandsaur	Mandsaur
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maksim_Tarasov	Maksim Tarasov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_Boleyn	Anne Boleyn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Blanc	Christian Blanc
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helsinki	Helsinki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Ireland	Republic of Ireland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oldham_Roughyeds	Oldham R.L.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_League_Cup	Scottish League Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nixon_McLean	Nixon McLean
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Zenit_Saint_Petersburg	FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Marino	San Marino
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uganda	Uganda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Efes_Pilsen_S.K.	Anadolu Efes S.K.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opel	Opel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Coulthard	David Coulthard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gheorghe_Hagi	Gheorghe Hagi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biogen_Idec	Biogen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Süleyman_Demirel	Süleyman Demirel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zina_Garrison	Zina Garrison
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croatia_national_football_team	Croatia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebrew_University_of_Jerusalem	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasser_Arafat	Yasser Arafat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_League_Central	American League Central
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perth,_Western_Australia	Perth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davey_Johnson	Davey Johnson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victorian_Bushrangers	Victoria cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sparta_Rotterdam	Sparta Rotterdam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonesian_Democratic_Party	Indonesian Democratic Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosni_Mubarak	Hosni Mubarak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tampico,_Tamaulipas	Tampico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales	Charles, Prince of Wales
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_VIII_of_England	Henry VIII of England
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miguel_Ángel_Nadal	Miguel Ángel Nadal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston	Boston
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenix,_Arizona	Phoenix, Arizona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arjuna_Ranatunga	Arjuna Ranatunga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamilton_Academical_F.C.	Hamilton Academical F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent-Désiré_Kabila	Laurent-Désiré Kabila
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santa_Claus	Santa Claus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoke_City_F.C.	Stoke City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berovo	Berovo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FSC_Prykarpattya_Ivano-Frankivsk	FC Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oğuz_Çetin	Oğuz Çetin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Liberation_Movement_of_Liberia_for_Democracy_–_Johnson_faction	United Liberation Movement of Liberia for Democracy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derbyshire_County_Cricket_Club	Derbyshire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denis_Streak	Denis Streak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viktor_Chernomyrdin	Viktor Chernomyrdin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rangers_F.C.	Rangers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City_Department_of_Transportation	New York City Department of Transportation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Tyson	Mike Tyson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vicente_Solano_Lima	Vicente Solano Lima
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Red_Bull_Salzburg	FC Red Bull Salzburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbarian_F.C.	Barbarian F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MFK_Petržalka	FC Petržalka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Konsel	Michael Konsel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Steaua_Bucureşti	FCSB
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gigi_Fernández	Gigi Fernández
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tina_Križan	Tina Križan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Rupert,_British_Columbia	Prince Rupert, British Columbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aron_Winter	Aron Winter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indiana	Indiana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Gascoigne	Paul Gascoigne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yassine_Abdellaoui	Yassine Abdellaoui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996–97_UEFA_Cup	1996–97 UEFA Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Brown_(cricketer)	Simon Brown (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zimbabwe_Open	Zimbabwe Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surčin	Surčin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maccabi_Tel_Aviv_F.C.	Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgaria_national_football_team	Bulgaria national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rede_Globo	Rede Globo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Kalimantan	East Kalimantan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Àlex_Crivillé	Àlex Crivillé
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Ames	Stephen Ames
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noel_Whelan	Noel Whelan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_J_Russell	David J. Russell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuttgart_Airport	Stuttgart Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karachi_Stock_Exchange	Karachi Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France_Soir	France-Soir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Vojvodina	FK Vojvodina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burma	Myanmar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharjah_(city)	Sharjah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_America	Latin America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_Museum	Islamic Museum, Jerusalem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Halverson	Bob Halverson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viorel_Moldovan	Viorel Moldovan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uzbekistan	Uzbekistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinshasa	Kinshasa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurício_Gugelmin	Maurício Gugelmin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuba_national_football_team	Cuba national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaMont_Smith	LaMont Smith
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OGC_Nice	OGC Nice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holding_company	Holding company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R.S.C._Anderlecht	R.S.C. Anderlecht
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rogel_Nachum	Rogel Nachum
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fribourg	Fribourg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_création_du_monde	La création du monde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZDF	ZDF
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bovine_spongiform_encephalopathy	Bovine spongiform encephalopathy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moss_FK	Moss FK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaminda_Vaas	Chaminda Vaas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chechen_people	Chechens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bogdan_Stelea	Bogdan Stelea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	University of the Witwatersrand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Salvador	El Salvador
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mikael_Tillström	Mikael Tillström
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Carlo_Witte	Jean Carlo Witte
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kunar_River	Kunar River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolloré	Bolloré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iván_Zamorano	Iván Zamorano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dmitri_Dashinski	Dmitri Dashinski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Möllenbeck	Michael Möllenbeck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interferon_beta-1b	Interferon beta-1b
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Navy	United States Navy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1976_Winter_Olympics	1976 Winter Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maniema	Maniema
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindu_nationalism	Hindu nationalism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dubai	Dubai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duluth,_Minnesota	Duluth, Minnesota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A-Ram	Al-Ram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Karen_Buddhist_Army	Democratic Karen Buddhist Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Howard	Pat Howard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_language	Chinese language
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harald_Spörl	Harald Spörl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cargill	Cargill
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aashish_Kapoor	Aashish Kapoor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Kernaghan	Alan Kernaghan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Crookes	Derek Crookes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Regan_(baseball)	Phil Regan (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ole_Einar_Bjørndalen	Ole Einar Bjørndalen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danny_Tartabull	Danny Tartabull
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Akhbar_(Lebanon)	Al Akhbar (Lebanon)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Sheffield	Gary Sheffield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Keating	Paul Keating
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Rådström	Thomas Rådström
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isolde_Kostner	Isolde Kostner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Post	New York Post
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yunnan	Yunnan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canberra_Raiders	Canberra Raiders
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Hughes	Mark Hughes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstate_95	Interstate 95
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy_Wotherspoon	Jeremy Wotherspoon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sourav_Ganguly	Sourav Ganguly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vancouver	Vancouver
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_Cricket_Ground,_Bristol	Bristol County Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotterdam	Rotterdam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allentown,_Pennsylvania	Allentown, Pennsylvania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Doohan	Mick Doohan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lech_Poznań	Lech Poznań
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Ceahlăul_Piatra_Neamţ	CSM Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chechnya	Chechnya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saddam_Hussein	Saddam Hussein
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_the_Treasury	United States Department of the Treasury
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Brosius	Scott Brosius
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tripoli,_Lebanon	Tripoli, Lebanon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Bergoust	Eric Bergoust
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serie_A	Serie A
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yeosu	Yeosu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goiás_Esporte_Clube	Goiás Esporte Clube
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraser,_Australian_Capital_Territory	Fraser, Australian Capital Territory
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Party_(United_States)	Democratic Party (United States)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karim_Alami	Karim Alami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PMC-Sierra	PMC-Sierra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Cascarino	Tony Cascarino
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A._G._Edwards	A. G. Edwards
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_coast	Pacific coast
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albania_national_football_team	Albania national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Hedblom	Peter Hedblom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Belser	Jason Belser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Phelan	Terry Phelan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sport_Club_Internacional	Sport Club Internacional
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julia_Carling	Julia Carling
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Degryse	Marc Degryse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lufthansa	Lufthansa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michele_Bartoli	Michele Bartoli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monaco	Monaco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicklas_Kulti	Nicklas Kulti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SBM_Offshore	SBM Offshore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Fife_F.C.	East Fife F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialist_Federal_Republic_of_Yugoslavia	Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgbaston	Edgbaston
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laxmi_Poruri	Laxmi Poruri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Pagnozzi	Tom Pagnozzi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Challenge_Cup	Challenge Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sport_Club_do_Recife	Sport Club do Recife
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Levy_(Israeli_politician)	David Levy (Israeli politician)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Helens_RLFC	St Helens R.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benito_Santiago	Benito Santiago
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boddington_Gold_Mine	Boddington Gold Mine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Sesa	David Sesa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruse,_Bulgaria	Ruse, Bulgaria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Shantyr	Anton Shantyr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Louis	Port Louis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchester_United_F.C.	Manchester United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doncaster_Rovers_F.C.	Doncaster Rovers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Budapest_Stock_Exchange	Budapest Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tottenham_Hotspur_F.C.	Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakoma_people	Yakoma people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Labour_Party	Scottish Labour Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phillip_Price	Phillip Price
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Korea	South Korea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Basler	Mario Basler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Antonio_Pizzi	Juan Antonio Pizzi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Rivero	José Rivero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People's_Party_–_Movement_for_a_Democratic_Slovakia	People's Party – Movement for a Democratic Slovakia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesus	Jesus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_de_Boer	Frank de Boer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankfurt_Airport	Frankfurt Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anatolia	Anatolia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amoco	Amoco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Boon	David Boon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Bragg	Darren Bragg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Plagne	La Plagne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Jornada	La Jornada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duilio_Davino	Duilio Davino
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zastava_Arms	Zastava Arms
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Bulldogs	Western Bulldogs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Max	Martin Max
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karen_people	Karen people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Rai	Al Rai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sialkot	Sialkot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larisa_Neiland	Larisa Neiland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Russell_(baseball)	Bill Russell (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amnesty_International	Amnesty International
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandro_Troncon	Alessandro Troncon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhumalla	Madhumalla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Stansted_Airport	London Stansted Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_of_England	Kingdom of England
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quetta	Quetta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Seelig	Andreas Seelig
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estudiantes_de_La_Plata	Estudiantes de La Plata
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roosevelt_family	Roosevelt family
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico_national_football_team	Mexico national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Party_(South_Africa)	National Party (South Africa)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Oquist	Mike Oquist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangkok	Bangkok
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Aviation_Administration	Federal Aviation Administration
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katharina_Gutensohn	Katharina Gutensohn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AS_Cannes	AS Cannes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalya_Shikolenko	Natalya Shikolenko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandra_Kleinová	Sandra Kleinová
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aravinda_de_Silva	Aravinda de Silva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Williams_(cricketer)	Neil Williams (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Dickson	Jason Dickson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Kocinski	John Kocinski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Rush	Ian Rush
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Quinnell	Craig Quinnell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Army	United States Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ŁKS_Łódź	ŁKS Łódź
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Marc_Gounon	Jean-Marc Gounon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wales_national_football_team	Wales national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel_national_football_team	Israel national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guilin	Guilin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dodge_City,_Kansas	Dodge City, Kansas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_Roosters	Sydney Roosters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Metal_Exchange	London Metal Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yegor_Stroyev	Yegor Stroyev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulo_Sérgio_Silvestre_do_Nascimento	Paulo Sérgio (footballer, born 1969)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrexham_F.C.	Wrexham A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerry_Kelly	Jerry Kelly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitória_S.C.	Vitória S.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_Wilkinson	Howard Wilkinson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hendrik_Dreekmann	Hendrik Dreekmann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Mexico_Activities_Association	New Mexico Activities Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amtrak	Amtrak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathy_Rinaldi	Kathy Rinaldi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syria_national_football_team	Syria national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Nestor	Daniel Nestor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Germon	Lee Germon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Goydos	Paul Goydos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shay_Given	Shay Given
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alloa_Athletic_F.C.	Alloa Athletic F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boutros_Harb	Boutros Harb
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austria_national_under-21_football_team	Austria national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilbert_Gress	Gilbert Gress
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Justin	Paul Justin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surrey_County_Cricket_Club	Surrey County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfgang_Feiersinger	Wolfgang Feiersinger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Galfione	Jean Galfione
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_Saints_F.C.	The New Saints F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boroughmuir_RFC	Boroughmuir RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boreham_Wood_F.C.	Boreham Wood F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruno_Thiry	Bruno Thiry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabon_national_football_team	Gabon national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakkâri	Hakkâri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erzincan	Erzincan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Weld	Bill Weld
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Finance_(Japan)	Ministry of Finance (Japan)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Place_Beauvau	Place Beauvau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davis_Love_III	Davis Love III
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotary_International	Rotary International
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Adams_(cricketer)	Chris Adams (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resalat_(newspaper)	Resalat (newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metro_Manila	Metro Manila
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Blank	Peter Blank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dejan_Koturović	Dejan Koturović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Budućnost_Podgorica	FK Budućnost Podgorica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Associação_Desportiva_Vasco_da_Gama	Associação Desportiva Vasco da Gama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldman_Sachs	Goldman Sachs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Steels	Tom Steels
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liechtenstein	Liechtenstein
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Cape	Northern Cape
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Back	Neil Back
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guangdong	Guangdong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Servais_Knaven	Servais Knaven
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Dinamo_Bucureşti	FC Dinamo București
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God	God
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Foreign_Affairs_(Poland)	Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Poland)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luís_Figo	Luís Figo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_African_Breweries	South African Breweries
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monrovia	Monrovia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Kikinda	OFK Kikinda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PGA_Tour	PGA Tour
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lusaka_Protocol	Lusaka Protocol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burnley_F.C.	Burnley F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guarani_Futebol_Clube	Guarani FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croatia	Croatia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inkatha_Freedom_Party	Inkatha Freedom Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Foreign_Affairs_(Israel)	Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Israel)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Nitra	FC Nitra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Talen	John Talen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.	Apple Inc.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_Linhart	Pedro Linhart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arantxa_Sánchez_Vicario	Arantxa Sánchez Vicario
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jürgen_Schult	Jürgen Schult
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_national_rugby_union_team	New Zealand national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ľubomír_Moravčík	Ľubomír Moravčík
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AFC_Progresul_Bucureşti	AS Progresul București
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hobart	Hobart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deon_Hemmings	Deon Hemmings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Daughters_of_the_Confederacy	United Daughters of the Confederacy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bradford_City_A.F.C.	Bradford City A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Botswana	Botswana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hague	The Hague
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Vandenbroucke_(cyclist)	Frank Vandenbroucke (cyclist)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karsten_Bäron	Karsten Bäron
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falilat_Ogunkoya	Falilat Ogunkoya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K.R.C._Zuid-West-Vlaanderen	K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis,_Missouri	St. Louis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_media	New media
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASEC_Mimosas	ASEC Mimosas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Shimer	Brian Shimer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_for_Relations_Across_the_Taiwan_Straits	Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Alliance_(Italy)	National Alliance (Italy)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Ilott	Mark Ilott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivan_Lendl	Ivan Lendl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vadim_Sashurin	Vadim Sashurin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdistan_Democratic_Party	Kurdistan Democratic Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huntly_F.C.	Huntly F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilbert_Schaller	Gilbert Schaller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Open_Market_Committee	Federal Open Market Committee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detroit_Tigers	Detroit Tigers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juventus_F.C.	Juventus F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_M._Levingston	Roberto M. Levingston
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duma	Duma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamabad	Islamabad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riverside_Ground	Riverside Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amica_Wronki	Amica Wronki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benedetto_Santapaola	Benedetto Santapaola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winston_Peters	Winston Peters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Häßler	Thomas Häßler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maccabi_Petah_Tikva_F.C.	Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Marshall	Justin Marshall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marie-José_Pérec	Marie-José Pérec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurie_Harper	Laurie Harper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charmaine_Crooks	Charmaine Crooks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portland,_Oregon	Portland, Oregon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_National_Bank	Hungarian National Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanzania_national_football_team	Tanzania national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fanie_de_Villiers	Fanie de Villiers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent_Commission_Against_Corruption_(Hong_Kong)	Independent Commission Against Corruption (Hong Kong)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caerphilly_RFC	Caerphilly RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenia_national_football_team	Armenia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hasely_Crawford	Hasely Crawford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stéphane_Chapuisat	Stéphane Chapuisat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_stadium	List of national stadiums
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/League_of_Women_Voters	League of Women Voters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergi_Bruguera	Sergi Bruguera
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_McCague	Martin McCague
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enfield_Town_F.C.	Enfield Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goma	Goma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dalmatian_(dog)	Dalmatian (dog)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Ireland	Northern Ireland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burundi	Burundi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olivier_Grouillard	Olivier Grouillard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Tegel_Airport	Berlin Tegel Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baltimore_Ravens	Baltimore Ravens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wellington	Wellington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morelia	Morelia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evelyne_Leu	Evelyne Leu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmin_Contra	Cosmin Contra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Barcelona	FC Barcelona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tajikistan	Tajikistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Andretti	Michael Andretti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Gallen	St. Gallen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Steinbach	Terry Steinbach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dakar	Dakar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Sociedad	Real Sociedad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cartagena,_Colombia	Cartagena, Colombia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtus_Bologna	Virtus Pallacanestro Bologna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Vorskla_Poltava	FC Vorskla Poltava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India	India
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgium	Belgium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_Board	Rubber Board
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theodore_Roosevelt	Theodore Roosevelt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orlando_Miller	Orlando Miller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanover	Hanover
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Hoch	Scott Hoch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anke_Huber	Anke Huber
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chandigarh	Chandigarh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maracaibo	Maracaibo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tartus	Tartus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MCI_Communications	MCI Communications
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_Gynt	Peer Gynt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Hernández_(baseball)	José Hernández (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Dakota	North Dakota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesper_Skibby	Jesper Skibby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Emerson	Gary Emerson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narciso_dos_Santos	Narciso dos Santos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Gobert	Anthony Gobert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riga	Riga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornelius_Euser	Cor Euser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Pierce_(athlete)	Jack Pierce (hurdler)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salah_Hissou	Salah Hissou
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sky_Digital_(UK_&_Ireland)	Sky UK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Der_Spiegel	Der Spiegel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Hoiles	Chris Hoiles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currie_RFC	Currie RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenia	Armenia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_men's_national_soccer_team	United States men's national soccer team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Hay	Chris Hay
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portugal_national_football_team	Portugal national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jürgen_Klinsmann	Jürgen Klinsmann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontypridd_RFC	Pontypridd RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanwha_Eagles	Hanwha Eagles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radical_Cause	Radical Cause
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orhan_Çıkırıkçı	Orhan Çıkırıkçı
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ana_Fidelia_Quirot	Ana Fidelia Quirot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonty_Rhodes	Jonty Rhodes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Čejka	Alex Čejka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TVM_(cycling_team)	TVM (cycling team)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hélder_Cristóvão	Hélder (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Dundee	Sean Dundee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stranraer_F.C.	Stranraer F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pirelli	Pirelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia	Australia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Baumit_Jablonec	FK Jablonec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CR_Vasco_da_Gama	CR Vasco da Gama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._Nicholas_Burns	R. Nicholas Burns
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNITA	UNITA
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Strang	Paul Strang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikkei_225	Nikkei 225
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oradea_International_Airport	Oradea International Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambridge,_Massachusetts	Cambridge, Massachusetts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jill_Craybas	Jill Craybas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florian_Maurice	Florian Maurice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johns_Hopkins_Hospital	Johns Hopkins Hospital
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petra_Langrová	Petra Langrová
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Mickelson	Phil Mickelson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chavalit_Yongchaiyudh	Chavalit Yongchaiyudh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ezer_Weizman	Ezer Weizman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guatemala	Guatemala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirk_Medved	Dirk Medved
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AK-47	AK-47
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Vaccari	Paolo Vaccari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peace_River_(Canada)	Peace River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meluawati	Meiluawati
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Division_(NHL)	Central Division (NHL)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foindu	Foindu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota	Toyota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_South_Central_States	West South Central states
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tehran	Tehran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raków_Częstochowa	Raków Częstochowa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haneda_Airport	Haneda Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petra_Behle	Petra Behle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/António_Folha	António Folha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils_football	Arizona State Sun Devils football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monarcas_Morelia	Monarcas Morelia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_McRae	Colin McRae
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masayoshi_Takemura	Masayoshi Takemura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Béja	Béja
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eritrea	Eritrea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Pettitte	Andy Pettitte
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wisconsin	Wisconsin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Tapani	Kevin Tapani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlantic_Highlands,_New_Jersey	Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Major	John Major
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefan_Edberg	Stefan Edberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willem_II_(football_club)	Willem II (football club)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parc_des_Princes	Parc des Princes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricky_Ponting	Ricky Ponting
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alain_Juppé	Alain Juppé
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guus_Hiddink	Guus Hiddink
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Eugene_of_Savoy	Prince Eugene of Savoy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fed_Cup	Fed Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_Technology_Association_of_America	Information Technology Association of America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inez_Turner	Inez Turner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcus_Gayle	Marcus Gayle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honduras_national_football_team	Honduras national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitewater_controversy	Whitewater controversy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Ince	Paul Ince
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alicia_Machado	Alicia Machado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deutsche_Bahn	Deutsche Bahn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_MacLean	Craig MacLean
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Westwood	Lee Westwood
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yonhap	Yonhap News Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heart_of_Midlothian_F.C.	Heart of Midlothian F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annett_Neumann	Annett Neumann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_Cricket_Ground	Sydney Cricket Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phillip_Cocu	Phillip Cocu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Trafford_Cricket_Ground	Old Trafford Cricket Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predrag_Mijatović	Predrag Mijatović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ras_Tanura	Ras Tanura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisbon	Lisbon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afghanistan	Afghanistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blida_Province	Blida Province
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viktor_Paço	Viktor Paço
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabobank	Rabobank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panama_national_football_team	Panama national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academic_Staff_Union_of_Universities	Academic Staff Union of Universities
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zambia	Zambia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heike_Drechsler	Heike Drechsler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Etienne_Saqr	Etienne Saqr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokyo_Stock_Exchange	Tokyo Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Midwestern_United_States	Midwestern United States
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gert_Verheyen	Gert Verheyen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruggiero_Rizzitelli	Ruggiero Rizzitelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gale_Norton	Gale Norton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uppsala_University_Hospital	Uppsala University Hospital
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gwen_Torrence	Gwen Torrence
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Günther_Huber	Günther Huber
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mushtaq_Ahmed	Mushtaq Ahmad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barnsley_F.C.	Barnsley F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LPGA_Championship	Women's PGA Championship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Millns	David Millns
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Belle	Albert Belle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Östersund	Östersund
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kostas_Skandalidis	Kostas Skandalidis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janet_Reno	Janet Reno
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matt_Lawton	Matt Lawton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Wall	Democracy Wall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Jordan	Neil Jordan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Lehman	Tom Lehman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newcastle_upon_Tyne	Newcastle upon Tyne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takanobu_Okabe	Takanobu Okabe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilir_Shulku	Ilir Shulku
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jody_Reed	Jody Reed
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_League_East	American League East
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iván_Rodríguez	Iván Rodríguez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austrian_Empire	Austrian Empire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Dynamo_Moscow	FC Dynamo Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Nación	La Nación
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brenden_Pappas	Brenden Pappas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rochester,_New_Hampshire	Rochester, New Hampshire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacqui_Cooper	Jacqui Cooper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Wakefield	Andrew Wakefield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Drummond	Jon Drummond
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Yemen	South Yemen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristian_Brenden	Kristian Brenden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K.A.A._Gent	K.A.A. Gent
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Rush	Eric Rush
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol_City_F.C.	Bristol City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hang_Seng_Index	Hang Seng Index
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Schumacher	Michael Schumacher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_Whittingham	Guy Whittingham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Goldman	Ron Goldman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Commission_on_Human_Rights	United Nations Commission on Human Rights
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Škoch	David Škoch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Àlex_Corretja	Àlex Corretja
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Tucker_(baseball)	Michael Tucker (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Open	World Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_Laigle	Pierre Laigle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paramount,_California	Paramount, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanya_Dubnicoff	Tanya Dubnicoff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karen_National_Union	Karen National Union
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brasília	Brasília
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_IAAF_Grand_Prix_Final	1996 IAAF Grand Prix Final
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACC_Limited	ACC (company)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACF_Gloria_1922_Bistriţa	ACF Gloria Bistrița
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venkatesh_Prasad	Venkatesh Prasad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petr_Gabriel	Petr Gabriel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tychy	Tychy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravindra_Pushpakumara	Ravindra Pushpakumara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pará	Pará
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Kemp	Jack Kemp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Quinnell	Scott Quinnell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miltiadis_Evert	Miltiadis Evert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiangsu	Jiangsu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonesia_national_football_team	Indonesia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Richardson	David Richardson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_League_Central	National League Central
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osaka_International_Airport	Itami Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CONCACAF_Champions_League	CONCACAF Champions League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velten	Velten
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisa_Raymond	Lisa Raymond
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Mexico	New Mexico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oliver_Kahn	Oliver Kahn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Byas	David Byas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Hurricane_Center	National Hurricane Center
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ohio_State_Buckeyes_football	Ohio State Buckeyes football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASDAQ	Nasdaq
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elakhbar	Akhbar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/10_Downing_Street	10 Downing Street
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Del_Harris_(squash_player)	Del Harris (squash player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Klevchenya	Sergey Klevchenya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nandrin	Nandrin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_Contractors_(company)	El-Mokawloon El-Arab
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Tzafririm_Holon_F.C.	Hapoel Tzafririm Holon F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Karak	Al-Karak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comprehensive_Nuclear-Test-Ban_Treaty	Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endrio_Leoni	Endrio Leoni
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morocco	Morocco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Mexico	Bank of Mexico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ten_Commandments	Ten Commandments
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen_Group	Volkswagen Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SC_Heerenveen	SC Heerenveen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainier_III,_Prince_of_Monaco	Rainier III, Prince of Monaco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CB_Estudiantes	CB Estudiantes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Pennsylvania	University of Pennsylvania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eliyahu_Ben-Elissar	Eliyahu Ben-Elissar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asanka_Gurusinha	Asanka Gurusinha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ali_Shah	Ali Shah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Prodan	Daniel Prodan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mediterranean_Sea	Mediterranean Sea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newcastle_Knights	Newcastle Knights
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constanţa	Constanța
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Cook_(golfer)	John Cook (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crusaders_F.C.	Crusaders F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christophe_Ohrel	Christophe Ohrel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Woodruff	Chris Woodruff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F._W._de_Klerk	F. W. de Klerk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warren_Buffett	Warren Buffett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tutsi	Tutsi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Sturridge	Dean Sturridge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmanuel_Tetteh	Emmanuel Tetteh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Thomas_(baseball,_born_1968)	Frank Thomas (designated hitter)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Andersson_(footballer_born_1977)	Daniel Andersson (footballer, born 1977)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dampier,_Western_Australia	Dampier, Western Australia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Lewis_Partnership	John Lewis Partnership
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pembroke,_Massachusetts	Pembroke, Massachusetts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Philippe_Fleurian	Jean-Philippe Fleurian
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kansas_City,_Missouri	Kansas City, Missouri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colchester	Colchester
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allan_Bateman	Allan Bateman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Hendry	Colin Hendry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blaise_Compaoré	Blaise Compaoré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawick_RFC	Hawick RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tavildara	Tavildara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NSDAP/AO	NSDAP/AO
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shane_Warne	Shane Warne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cochabamba	Cochabamba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhang_Ning	Zhang Ning
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_Deer_Park_Golf_Course	Brown Deer Park Golf Course
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troy,_Tennessee	Troy, Tennessee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IFOR	Implementation Force
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Konstantinos_Stephanopoulos	Konstantinos Stephanopoulos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widnes_Vikings	Widnes Vikings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_Security	RSA Security
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cynthia_McKinney	Cynthia McKinney
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katja_Seizinger	Katja Seizinger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_European_Free_Trade_Agreement	Central European Free Trade Agreement
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indrajit_Gupta	Indrajit Gupta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Bianchi	Carlos Bianchi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carsten_Wolf	Carsten Wolf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maccabi_Herzliya_F.C.	Maccabi Herzliya F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Vitória	Esporte Clube Vitória
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pam_Shriver	Pam Shriver
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naoko_Sawamatsu	Naoko Sawamatsu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryne_Sandberg	Ryne Sandberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premier_League	Premier League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Division_(NHL)	Pacific Division (NHL)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Ferguson	Alex Ferguson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maariv_(newspaper)	Maariv (newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Kim	Kevin Kim
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milwaukee_Bucks	Milwaukee Bucks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Guzmán_(baseball)	Juan Guzmán (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Efan_Ekoku	Efan Ekoku
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namibia_national_football_team	Namibia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nana_Miyagi	Nana Smith
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altin_Rraklli	Altin Rraklli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tampere	Tampere
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_De_Palma	Brian De Palma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrocław	Wrocław
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harlequin_F.C.	Harlequin F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annemarie_Jorritsma	Annemarie Jorritsma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miriam_Oremans	Miriam Oremans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Kelly_(footballer_born_1974)	Gary Kelly (footballer, born 1974)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Teplice	FK Teplice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gillian_Russell	Gillian Russell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Blanc	Laurent Blanc
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_Department	Legal Department, Hong Kong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_Community_of_West_African_States_Monitoring_Group	Economic Community of West African States Monitoring Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Bergkamp	Dennis Bergkamp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BNP_Paribas	BNP Paribas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imran_Khan	Imran Khan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USTA_Billie_Jean_King_National_Tennis_Center	USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Honiball	Henry Honiball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pudong	Pudong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kehl	Kehl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Dynamo_Kyiv	FC Dynamo Kyiv
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianluca_Vialli	Gianluca Vialli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Bruins	Boston Bruins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_St._Pauli	FC St. Pauli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_Independent	Irish Independent
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sébastien_Fournier	Sébastien Fournier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_Forget	Guy Forget
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lokomotiv_Moscow	FC Lokomotiv Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florence	Florence
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wales_national_rugby_union_team	Wales national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hun_Sen	Hun Sen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Wreh	Christopher Wreh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Figaro	Le Figaro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nate_Miller	Nate Miller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boutros_Boutros-Ghali	Boutros Boutros-Ghali
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johann_Sebastian_Bach	Johann Sebastian Bach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miroslav_Votava	Miroslav Votava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_Woods	Tiger Woods
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimi_Hendrix	Jimi Hendrix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florian_Schwarthoff	Florian Schwarthoff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peru	Peru
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_Aviation_Administration_of_China	Civil Aviation Administration of China
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabine_Appelmans	Sabine Appelmans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Nagy	Charles Nagy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isel_López	Isel López
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khartoum	Khartoum
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkey_national_football_team	Turkey national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zulu_Kingdom	Zulu Kingdom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dick_Morris	Dick Morris
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jana_Novotná	Jana Novotná
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Dreifort	Darren Dreifort
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Moore_(footballer)	Alan Moore (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamaat-e-Islami	Jamaat-e-Islami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sven_Pieters	Sven Pieters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Capital_Territory	Australian Capital Territory
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Croix,_U.S._Virgin_Islands	Saint Croix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neal_Lancaster	Neal Lancaster
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicaragua	Nicaragua
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Bernardin	Joseph Bernardin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OFK_Beograd	OFK Beograd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Diego_Padres	San Diego Padres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Nuevo_Diario	El Nuevo Diario
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israelis	Israelis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naqoura	Naqoura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Jenson	Dan Jenson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dési_Bouterse	Dési Bouterse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preston_North_End_F.C.	Preston North End F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tatyana_Babashkina	Tatyana Babashkina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Province_cricket_team	Western Province cricket team (South Africa)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southampton_F.C.	Southampton F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich_Airport	Munich Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendy_Everson	Wendy Everson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Albans_City_F.C.	St Albans City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necmettin_Erbakan	Necmettin Erbakan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nihon_Keizai_Shimbun	The Nikkei
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matuzići	Matuzići
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Barcelona_Bàsquet	FC Barcelona Bàsquet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karl_Inderfurth	Karl Inderfurth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movement_of_Socialist_Democrats	Movement of Socialist Democrats
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davidson_Ezinwa	Davidson Ezinwa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institute_for_Supply_Management	Institute for Supply Management
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherwin_Campbell	Sherwin Campbell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Mateo,_California	San Mateo, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrea_Ferrigato	Andrea Ferrigato
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas	Texas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elland_Road	Elland Road
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bełchatów	Bełchatów
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Sharpe	Lee Sharpe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Yoon-man	Kim Yoon-man
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massoud_Barzani	Masoud Barzani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco_Villa	Marco Villa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saracens_F.C.	Saracens F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianfranco_Fini	Gianfranco Fini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antoine_Kombouaré	Antoine Kombouaré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hurricane_Edouard_(1996)	Hurricane Edouard (1996)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nice	Nice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memphis_Grizzlies	Memphis Grizzlies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bradley_Hughes_(golfer)	Bradley Hughes (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis_Blues_(ice_hockey)	St. Louis Blues
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Walton	Philip Walton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indore	Indore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aqaba	Aqaba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mick_McCarthy	Mick McCarthy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Communist_Party_of_Nepal_(Maoist)	Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telegraph_Agency_of_the_Soviet_Union	TASS
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estonia_national_football_team	Estonia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regi_Blinker	Regi Blinker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Open	French Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana,_Princess_of_Wales	Diana, Princess of Wales
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KSE_100_Index	KSE 100 Index
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Zbrojovka_Brno	FC Zbrojovka Brno
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santiago_de_Cuba	Santiago de Cuba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adrian_Năstase	Adrian Năstase
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Slam_(tennis)	Grand Slam (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Enterprise_(CVN-65)	USS Enterprise (CVN-65)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPEC	OPEC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Stock_Exchange	NYSE American
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viorel_Ion	Viorel Ion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Botswana_national_football_team	Botswana national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subaru	Subaru
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Rangers	New York Rangers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montana	Montana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AFC_Ajax	AFC Ajax
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Morris_International	Philip Morris International
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warner_Bros.	Warner Bros.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kawasaki_Motors_Racing	Kawasaki Motors Racing
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunfermline_Athletic_F.C.	Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debbie_Graham	Debbie Graham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyler_Houston	Tyler Houston
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queens_Park_Rangers_F.C.	Queens Park Rangers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto	Toronto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kawasaki_Heavy_Industries	Kawasaki Heavy Industries
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banque_de_France	Bank of France
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaun_Young	Shaun Young
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Committee_of_the_Red_Cross	International Committee of the Red Cross
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beatrix_of_the_Netherlands	Beatrix of the Netherlands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_Yorke	Dwight Yorke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Ottoz	Laurent Ottoz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desmond_Tutu	Desmond Tutu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southeast_Asia	Southeast Asia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/François_Pienaar	Francois Pienaar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Queensland_Cowboys	North Queensland Cowboys
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Mancini	Roberto Mancini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BellSouth	BellSouth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Paul_van_Gastel	Jean-Paul van Gastel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borussia_Neunkirchen	Borussia Neunkirchen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_McGriff	Fred McGriff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Damon	Johnny Damon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elena_Likhovtseva	Elena Likhovtseva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tang_Jiaxuan	Tang Jiaxuan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Empire	Russian Empire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Johnstone	Tony Johnstone
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_Renier	Pascal Renier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup	1990 FIFA World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Brooks_(golfer)	Mark Brooks (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Island_Beach_State_Park	Island Beach State Park
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Treasury_security	United States Treasury security
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maputo	Maputo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buenos_Aires_Province	Buenos Aires Province
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Volendam	FC Volendam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gorleben	Gorleben
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bank_of_Tokyo-Mitsubishi_UFJ	MUFG Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ventura,_California	Ventura, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valentina_Fedyushina	Valentina Fedyushina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberia_national_football_team	Liberia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leicester	Leicester
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schering_AG	Schering AG
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boris_Yeltsin	Boris Yeltsin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mons_Ivar_Mjelde	Mons Ivar Mjelde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agung_Setyabudi	Agung Setyabudi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angola_national_football_team	Angola national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia	Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Canard_enchaîné	Le Canard enchaîné
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albanians	Albanians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Confederation_of_Labour_(France)	General Confederation of Labour (France)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialist_Party_of_Albania	Socialist Party of Albania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Etchebarren	Andy Etchebarren
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papua_New_Guinea	Papua New Guinea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._Bank_Championship_in_Milwaukee	Greater Milwaukee Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1997_Fed_Cup	1997 Fed Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NBC	NBC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiburones_Rojos_de_Veracruz	C.D. Veracruz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AS_Monaco_FC	AS Monaco FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shadab_Kabir	Shadab Kabir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burundi_national_football_team	Burundi national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pattaya	Pattaya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kampala	Kampala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazuyoshi_Miura	Kazuyoshi Miura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sachin_Tendulkar	Sachin Tendulkar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Greens	Australian Greens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Sullivan_(golfer)	Mike Sullivan (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christine_Wachtel	Christine Wachtel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partition_of_India	Partition of India
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dejan_Savićević	Dejan Savićević
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omar_Bongo	Omar Bongo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandra_Meissnitzer	Alexandra Meissnitzer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorenzo_Amoruso	Lorenzo Amoruso
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Brett	Bob Brett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_Community_of_West_African_States	Economic Community of West African States
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ali_Brown	Ali Brown
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malcolm_Rifkind	Malcolm Rifkind
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Palencia	Francisco Palencia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Faldo	Nick Faldo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kisangani	Kisangani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erez	Erez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donato_Gama_da_Silva	Donato Gama da Silva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Seitzer	Kevin Seitzer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnaud_Boetsch	Arnaud Boetsch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Native_Americans_in_the_United_States	Native Americans in the United States
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanjung_Priok	Tanjung Priok
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_Blue_Jays	Toronto Blue Jays
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linfield_F.C.	Linfield F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_River_of_the_North	Red River of the North
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adrian_Ilie	Adrian Ilie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birmingham_City_F.C.	Birmingham City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butch_Harmon	Butch Harmon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Walker_(squash_player)	Chris Walker (squash player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_national_cricket_team	Australia national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Division_(NBA)	Central Division (NBA)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Gilford	David Gilford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Culhane	Simon Culhane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gjon_Buzuku	Gjon Buzuku
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennessee_Titans	Tennessee Titans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Belcher	Tim Belcher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Rouser	Jason Rouser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoff_Marsh	Geoff Marsh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarksburg,_West_Virginia	Clarksburg, West Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donne_Wall	Donne Wall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inha_Babakova	Inha Babakova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inzamam-ul-Haq	Inzamam-ul-Haq
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horst_Siegl	Horst Siegl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabio_Cannavaro	Fabio Cannavaro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zbigniew_Siemiątkowski	Zbigniew Siemiątkowski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Melville	Andy Melville
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Fed_Cup_team	United States Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idriss_Déby	Idriss Déby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Interbank_Offered_Rate	Libor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamaica	Jamaica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franka_Dietzsch	Franka Dietzsch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sébastien_Lareau	Sébastien Lareau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Gatting	Mike Gatting
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Bureau_of_Investigation	Federal Bureau of Investigation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anyang_LG_Cheetahs	FC Seoul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Krajicek	Richard Krajicek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sierra_Leone	Sierra Leone
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kompas	Kompas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Escort_(Europe)	Ford Escort (Europe)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Temps	Le Temps
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watsonians_RFC	Watsonian FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iryna_Yatchenko	Iryna Yatchenko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Rutherford_(footballer)	Mark Rutherford (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Horan	Tim Horan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equitas	Equitas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_Republic_of_Iran	Iran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudi_Arabia	Saudi Arabia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casa_de_Nariño	Casa de Nariño
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_América	Club América
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bradford_Vaughan	Bradford Vaughan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_van_Hooijdonk	Pierre van Hooijdonk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lehman_Brothers	Lehman Brothers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tadayuki_Okada	Tadayuki Okada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thabo_Mbeki	Thabo Mbeki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_courts_of_appeals	United States courts of appeals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jones_(rugby_union)	Michael Jones (rugby union)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbroath_F.C.	Arbroath F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilbert_Agius	Gilbert Agius
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_Barbarians	New Zealand Barbarians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Nilsson	Dave Nilsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nebraska	Nebraska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Helens,_Merseyside	St Helens, Merseyside
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Representatives	House of Representatives
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Lillee	Dennis Lillee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_de_Spa-Francorchamps	Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barrick_Gold	Barrick Gold
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austrians	Austrians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Peschisolido	Paul Peschisolido
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polonia_Warszawa	Polonia Warsaw
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empire_of_Brazil	Empire of Brazil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todor_Zhivkov	Todor Zhivkov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Green_(sprinter)	Michael Green (sprinter)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Utrecht	FC Utrecht
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Necaxa	Club Necaxa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abuja	Abuja
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Guiana	French Guiana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bermuda	Bermuda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paine_Webber	Paine Webber
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephenville_International_Airport	Stephenville International Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benoît_Cauet	Benoît Cauet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Śląsk_Wrocław	Śląsk Wrocław
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wally_Joyner	Wally Joyner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Bryant	Brad Bryant
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Crawley	John Crawley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Carl_Vinson_(CVN-70)	USS Carl Vinson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aloÿs_Nizigama	Aloÿs Nizigama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spain_Fed_Cup_team	Spain Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prakash_Chandra_Lohani	Prakash Chandra Lohani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Goldman	William Goldman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchester	Manchester
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lori_McNeil	Lori McNeil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Hartlepool_R.F.C.	West Hartlepool R.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chad_Curtis	Chad Curtis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Oviedo	Real Oviedo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_Lavaggi	Giovanni Lavaggi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairmont,_West_Virginia	Fairmont, West Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moss_Landing_Marine_Laboratories	Moss Landing Marine Laboratories
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ina-Yoko_Teutenberg	Ina-Yoko Teutenberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boulder,_Colorado	Boulder, Colorado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eberhard_Carl	Eberhard Carl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudio_Suárez	Claudio Suárez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Chalmers	Greg Chalmers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allan_Wells	Allan Wells
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wimbledon_F.C.	Wimbledon F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Young-sam	Kim Young-sam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowsley_Road	Knowsley Road
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice-Cold_in_Alex	Ice Cold in Alex
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pakistan	Pakistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitty_Kiernan	Kitty Kiernan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelli_Kuehne	Kelli Kuehne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helmut_Kohl	Helmut Kohl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juha_Ylönen	Juha Ylönen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paraná_Clube	Paraná Clube
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandra_Cecchini	Sandra Cecchini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Karembeu	Christian Karembeu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naoki_Soma	Naoki Soma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newcrest_Mining	Newcrest Mining
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Hogg	Brad Hogg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tempe,_Arizona	Tempe, Arizona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tel_Aviv	Tel Aviv
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coritiba_Foot_Ball_Club	Coritiba Foot Ball Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Reichel	Robert Reichel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurence_Courtois	Laurence Courtois
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andre_Agassi	Andre Agassi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Rim	Pacific Rim
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France	Air France
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_people	English people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Esposito	Antonio Esposito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Clontz	Brad Clontz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Rad	FK Rad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miguel_Ángel_Martín_(golfer)	Miguel Ángel Martín (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emanuele_Canonica	Emanuele Canonica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exxon	Exxon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwest	Norwest
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Blume	Marc Blume
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scotland	Scotland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heineken_International	Heineken N.V.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Devereaux	Mike Devereaux
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Orleans_Hornets	New Orleans Pelicans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Presse_(French_newspaper)	La Presse (French newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco_Pascolo	Marco Pascolo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criminal_Investigation_Department	Criminal investigation department
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7-Eleven_(cycling_team)	7-Eleven (cycling team)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jalal_Talabani	Jalal Talabani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcus_Grönholm	Marcus Grönholm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chorzów	Chorzów
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jodie_Foster	Jodie Foster
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eddie_Murray	Eddie Murray
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Konrad	Franz Konrad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oliver_Bierhoff	Oliver Bierhoff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jari_Litmanen	Jari Litmanen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rovereto	Rovereto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jumet	Jumet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1998_FIFA_World_Cup	1998 FIFA World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tea_Vikstedt-Nyman	Tea Vikstedt-Nyman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Durban	Durban
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_City_(Jerusalem)	Old City (Jerusalem)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guillaume_Raoux	Guillaume Raoux
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Havnar_Bóltfelag	Havnar Bóltfelag
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulan_Bator	Ulaanbaatar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_J._Astrue	Michael J. Astrue
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iceland	Iceland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coast_guard	Coast guard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirkcaldy	Kirkcaldy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croatia_Davis_Cup_team	Croatia Davis Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuremberg	Nuremberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Capitals	Washington Capitals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marty_Cordova	Marty Cordova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Gazzetta_dello_Sport	La Gazzetta dello Sport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaora	Jaora
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nottingham_Forest_F.C.	Nottingham Forest F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gloria_Pizzichini	Gloria Pizzichini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roshan_Mahanama	Roshan Mahanama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johor_Bahru	Johor Bahru
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicolás_Lapentti	Nicolás Lapentti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandro_Lambruschini	Alessandro Lambruschini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernie_Els	Ernie Els
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Arias	Alex Arias
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jyrki_Lumme	Jyrki Lumme
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hartford_Whalers	Hartford Whalers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Lakers	Los Angeles Lakers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Togo	Togo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charleroi	Charleroi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoran_Savić	Zoran Savić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Eales	Paul Eales
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dănuţ_Lupu	Dănuț Lupu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Rotor_Volgograd	FC Rotor Volgograd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dieter_Ramusch	Dieter Ramusch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SK_Sigma_Olomouc	SK Sigma Olomouc
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nature_(journal)	Nature (journal)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco_Delvecchio	Marco Delvecchio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik_Dekker	Erik Dekker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingston_Technology	Kingston Technology
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urus-Martan	Urus-Martan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin	Berlin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Caddick	Andrew Caddick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skopje	Skopje
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Menlo_Park,_California	Menlo Park, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notting_Hill_Carnival	Notting Hill Carnival
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Popular_Revolutionary_Army	Popular Revolutionary Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megawati_Sukarnoputri	Megawati Sukarnoputri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wycombe_Wanderers_F.C.	Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Sutjeska_Nikšić	FK Sutjeska Nikšić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_May_(golfer)	Bob May (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edvard_Grieg	Edvard Grieg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany_national_football_team	Germany national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenneth_Carlsen	Kenneth Carlsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palk_Strait	Palk Strait
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yvan_Quentin	Yvan Quentin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orrell_R.U.F.C.	Orrell R.U.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hafez_al-Assad	Hafez al-Assad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willie_Wood_(golfer)	Willie Wood (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suharto	Suharto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Provide_Comfort	Operation Provide Comfort
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgaria_national_under-21_football_team	Bulgaria national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chabab_Massira	JS Massira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Special_Commission	United Nations Special Commission
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francesco_Totti	Francesco Totti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martina_Ertl-Renz	Martina Ertl-Renz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ata-ur-Rehman	Ata-ur-Rahman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navjot_Singh_Sidhu	Navjot Singh Sidhu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montgomery,_Alabama	Montgomery, Alabama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Havre_AC	Le Havre AC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randy_Johnson	Randy Johnson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Ringer	Derek Ringer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurizio_Fondriest	Maurizio Fondriest
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tatarstan	Tatarstan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_European_Football_Championship	UEFA European Championship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris	Paris
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arjan_Xhumba	Arjan Xhumba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Berry	Sean Berry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_Whitelaw	Clinton Whitelaw
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ervin_Fakaj	Ervin Fakaj
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburg	Hamburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/São_Paulo	São Paulo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnesota_Twins	Minnesota Twins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seychelles	Seychelles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Clinton	Bill Clinton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulo_Sousa	Paulo Sousa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Béla_Markó	Béla Markó
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Jersey_Devils	New Jersey Devils
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garret_Anderson	Garret Anderson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Speed	Gary Speed
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludovic_Giuly	Ludovic Giuly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coventry_City_F.C.	Coventry City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Witty	Chris Witty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Gontchenkov	Alexander Gontchenkov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albania	Albania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Shore_City	North Shore, New Zealand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hal_Sutton	Hal Sutton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netherlands	Netherlands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Vurens	Edwin Vurens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet_Union	Soviet Union
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Taira	José Taira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Kraft	Greg Kraft
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panama_City	Panama City
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S&P_500	S&amp;P 500 Index
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gorgona,_Colombia	Gorgona Island (Colombia)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuwait	Kuwait
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAO_UES	RAO UES
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace_Road	Grace Road
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnus_Larsson	Magnus Larsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penrith_Panthers	Penrith Panthers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sui_Southern_Gas_Company	Sui Southern Gas Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baltimore_Orioles	Baltimore Orioles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricky_Watters	Ricky Watters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AJ_Auxerre	AJ Auxerre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominique_Monami	Dominique Monami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tristan_Hoffman	Tristan Hoffman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rheinpark_Stadion	Rheinpark Stadion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_National_Authority	Palestinian National Authority
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Knight	Nick Knight
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HypoVereinsbank	HypoVereinsbank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basarab_Panduru	Basarab Panduru
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tayfun_Korkut	Tayfun Korkut
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Court_(Hong_Kong)	High Court (Hong Kong)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nathan_Astle	Nathan Astle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavia_Prague	SK Slavia Prague
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nabih_Berri	Nabih Berri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ross_Perot	Ross Perot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympic_sports	Olympic sports
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chrysler_Classic_of_Tucson	Tucson Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Kivu	South Kivu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlsbad,_California	Carlsbad, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_National_Party	Scottish National Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jakarta_Post	The Jakarta Post
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicoleta_Grasu	Nicoleta Grasu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Márcio_Roberto_dos_Santos	Márcio Santos (footballer, born 1969)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T-72	T-72
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twickenham_Stadium	Twickenham Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistics_Canada	Statistics Canada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dariusz_Rosati	Dariusz Rosati
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kansas_City_Chiefs	Kansas City Chiefs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavio_Cotti	Flavio Cotti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaac_Viciosa	Isaac Viciosa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hong_Kong	Hong Kong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gatwick_Airport	Gatwick Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pretoria	Pretoria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Moyá	Carlos Moyá
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleš_Valenta	Aleš Valenta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helen_Clark	Helen Clark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/York	York
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lhasa	Lhasa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garrett_Hines	Garrett Hines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oaxaca	Oaxaca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lagos	Lagos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incheon	Incheon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bohemians_1905	Bohemians 1905
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession	War of the Spanish Succession
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudyard,_Montana	Rudyard, Montana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oliver_Reck	Oliver Reck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Sorrento	Paul Sorrento
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vítor_Baía	Vítor Baía
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bert_Konterman	Bert Konterman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zagłębie_Lubin	Zagłębie Lubin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Collomb	Bernard Collomb
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympique_Lyonnais	Olympique Lyonnais
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hartson	John Hartson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yelena_Gulyayeva	Yelena Gulyayeva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkansas	Arkansas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_Palace_F.C.	Crystal Palace F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_River_Plate	Club Atlético River Plate
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._George_Dragons	St. George Dragons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darlington_F.C.	Darlington F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominion_Bond_Rating_Service	DBRS
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tino_Martinez	Tino Martinez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denmark	Denmark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People's_Republic_of_China	China
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Exchange	Pacific Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cowdenbeath_F.C.	Cowdenbeath F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christophe_Bonvin	Christophe Bonvin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latvia_national_football_team	Latvia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Petah_Tikva_F.C.	Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamaulipas	Tamaulipas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Damm	Martin Damm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letitia_Vriesde	Letitia Vriesde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Kallis	Jacques Kallis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dallas_Stars	Dallas Stars
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Television_New_Zealand	TVNZ
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malta	Malta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taibe,_Galilee	Taibe, Galilee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Divaina	Divaina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweden_men's_national_ice_hockey_team	Sweden men's national ice hockey team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonah_Lomu	Jonah Lomu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pesalai	Pesalai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bavaria	Bavaria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_England	New England
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_Germany	Nazi Germany
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchester_City_F.C.	Manchester City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Vairelles	Tony Vairelles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Ruuttu	Christian Ruuttu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Airways	British Airways
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plymouth,_Montserrat	Plymouth, Montserrat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_Services_Authority	Financial Services Authority
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conakry	Conakry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Samuels	Robert Samuels
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gente_(magazine)	Gente (magazine)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rome	Rome
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karina_Habšudová	Karina Habšudová
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darryl_Powell	Darryl Powell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PFC_CSKA_Moscow	PFC CSKA Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Lebanon_Army	South Lebanon Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Baník_Ostrava	FC Baník Ostrava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adrian_Knup	Adrian Knup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Orléans	House of Orléans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georges_Simenon	Georges Simenon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Manson	Pat Manson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimiko_Date_Krumm	Kimiko Date
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Meligeni	Fernando Meligeni
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Godee	Edwin Godee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Patten,_Baron_Patten_of_Barnes	Chris Patten
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denis_Irwin	Denis Irwin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K._Sint-Truidense_V.V.	Sint-Truidense V.V.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa_national_field_hockey_team	South Africa national field hockey team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoffrey_Claeys	Geoffrey Claeys
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Howey_(footballer)	Steve Howey (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Brady	James Brady
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlisle_United_F.C.	Carlisle United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masayuki_Okano	Masayuki Okano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auchan	Auchan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Austria_Wien	FK Austria Wien
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Croft	Robert Croft
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saffet_Sancaklı	Saffet Sancaklı
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panathinaikos_F.C.	Panathinaikos F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.S._Andria_BAT	S.S.D. Fidelis Andria 2018
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crédit_Agricole_(cycling_team)	Crédit Agricole (cycling team)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_van_Vossen	Peter van Vossen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohammad_Akram	Mohammad Akram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Pentagon	The Pentagon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASARCO	Asarco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Saro-Wiwa	Ken Saro-Wiwa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederick_Chiluba	Frederick Chiluba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Hollioake	Adam Hollioake
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferenc_Horváth	Ferenc Horváth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santiago,_Chile	Santiago
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wall_Street	Wall Street
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wydad_Casablanca	Wydad AC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhanna_Pintusevich-Block	Zhanna Pintusevich-Block
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hassan_II_of_Morocco	Hassan II of Morocco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Telgheder	Dave Telgheder
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangui	Bangui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tasmanian_Tigers	Tasmania cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alec_Stewart	Alec Stewart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Charlton	Jack Charlton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Élan_Béarnais_Pau-Orthez	Élan Béarnais
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Újpest_FC	Újpest FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Spitz	Mark Spitz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nico_Motchebon	Nico Motchebon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Dnipro_Dnipropetrovsk	FC Dnipro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dieter_Thoma	Dieter Thoma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lomé	Lomé
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdish_people	Kurds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Weaver_(racing_driver)	James Weaver (racing driver)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roland_Holder	Roland Holder
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aberdeen_F.C.	Aberdeen F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utah	Utah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Hajduk_Kula	FK Hajduk Kula
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wally_Whitehurst	Wally Whitehurst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rumbek	Rumbek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Greenspan	Alan Greenspan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Universities_cricket_team	British Universities cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U._Chandana	U. Chandana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryutaro_Hashimoto	Ryutaro Hashimoto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salang,_Afghanistan	North Salang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Hudson	Andrew Hudson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haarlem	Haarlem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Mirren_F.C.	St Mirren F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noranda_(mining_company)	Noranda (mining company)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_Road_Bridge	Forth Road Bridge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_McRae	Brian McRae
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dick_Gephardt	Dick Gephardt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loyola_de_Palacio	Loyola de Palacio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randall_Cunningham	Randall Cunningham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Production_Index	Industrial production index
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotherham_United_F.C.	Rotherham United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portsmouth_F.C.	Portsmouth F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max_van_Heeswijk	Max van Heeswijk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neath_RFC	Neath RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estonia	Estonia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haruchika_Aoki	Haruchika Aoki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gheorghe_Funar	Gheorghe Funar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yekaterina_Podkopayeva	Yekaterina Podkopayeva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alberto_Berasategui	Alberto Berasategui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monterey,_California	Monterey, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Köpke	Andreas Köpke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sindh_High_Court	Sindh High Court
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parma_F.C.	Parma Calcio 1913
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaza_Strip	Gaza Strip
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pádraig_Harrington	Pádraig Harrington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cliftonville_F.C.	Cliftonville F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Bolger	Jim Bolger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reto_Götschi	Reto Götschi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Delhi	New Delhi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benelux	Benelux
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobby_Valentine	Bobby Valentine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Ryan	Derek Ryan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juha_Kankkunen	Juha Kankkunen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Rosado	José Rosado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rama	Rama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Haven,_Connecticut	New Haven, Connecticut
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirk_Coetzee	Dirk Coetzee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Lukashenko	Alexander Lukashenko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany_Fed_Cup_team	Germany Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artur_Jorge_(footballer)	Artur Jorge (footballer, born 1946)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Campbell-Bannerman	Henry Campbell-Bannerman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Thatcher	Margaret Thatcher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milwaukee	Milwaukee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Pirès	Robert Pires
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_Bay_Packers	Green Bay Packers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Éric_Bernard	Éric Bernard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Budikusuma	Alan Budikusuma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Mayock	John Mayock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baja_California	Baja California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_Raptors	Toronto Raptors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naples	Naples
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xavier_Gravelaine	Xavier Gravelaine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Jackson	Darren Jackson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Lawrie	Paul Lawrie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blendi_Nallbani	Blendi Nallbani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln,_Nebraska	Lincoln, Nebraska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dia_(supermarket_chain)	Dia (supermarket chain)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pauline_Davis-Thompson	Pauline Davis-Thompson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Hentgen	Pat Hentgen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olga_Melnik	Olga Melnik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haiti	Haiti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dalian	Dalian
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_Football_Confederation	Brazilian Football Confederation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Havre,_Montana	Havre, Montana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allah	Allah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glen_Osborne	Glen Osborne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregor_Townsend	Gregor Townsend
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zenith_Electronics	Zenith Electronics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fluminense_Football_Club	Fluminense FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takuma_Aoki	Takuma Aoki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Batty	David Batty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Brigades	Red Brigades
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mia_Audina	Mia Audina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_Baudouin_Stadium	King Baudouin Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stranraer	Stranraer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacob_Brumfield	Jacob Brumfield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Stark	Jonathan Stark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M._Karunanidhi	M. Karunanidhi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Hradec_Králové	FC Hradec Králové
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SFC_Opava	SFC Opava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Servette_FC	Servette FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rory_Underwood	Rory Underwood
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandra_Fusai	Alexandra Fusai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefan_Schwarz	Stefan Schwarz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramallah	Ramallah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christchurch	Christchurch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dorinel_Munteanu	Dorinel Munteanu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles	Los Angeles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Townsend	Andy Townsend
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pavel_Buran	Pavel Buráň
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ural_Mountains	Ural Mountains
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liam_Neeson	Liam Neeson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobby_Rahal	Bobby Rahal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francesca_Lubiani	Francesca Lubiani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moin_Khan	Moin Khan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ljubljana	Ljubljana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gil_de_Ferran	Gil de Ferran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anglicanism	Anglicanism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Gough	Darren Gough
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dzhokhar_Dudayev	Dzhokhar Dudayev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweden_national_football_team	Sweden national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Magee	Andrew Magee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Collins_(Irish_leader)	Michael Collins (Irish leader)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSC_Young_Boys	BSC Young Boys
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miguel_Ángel_Jiménez	Miguel Ángel Jiménez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benin_national_football_team	Benin national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judith_Arndt	Judith Arndt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson_Mandela	Nelson Mandela
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joakim_Persson	Joakim Persson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zürich	Zürich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Democratic_Alliance_(Sudan)	National Democratic Alliance (Sudan)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Houghton	Ray Houghton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunis	Tunis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Roque	Juan Roque
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstate_5	Interstate 5
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunceli_Province	Tunceli Province
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_dollar	New Zealand dollar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Stevens	Patrick Stevens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ericsson	Ericsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_McCurry_(press_secretary)	Mike McCurry (press secretary)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanson_plc	Hanson (company)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubert_Schösser	Hubert Schösser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resistance_movement	Resistance movement
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formula_One	Formula One
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Durán	Roberto Durán
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Timor	East Timor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slovakia	Slovakia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insein_Prison	Insein Prison
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Indies_cricket_team	West Indies cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netherlands_Fed_Cup_team	Netherlands Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moro_National_Liberation_Front	Moro National Liberation Front
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balochistan,_Pakistan	Balochistan, Pakistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jarmo_Kytölehto	Jarmo Kytölehto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_University_of_Singapore	National University of Singapore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kennedy_family	Kennedy family
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianni_Bugno	Gianni Bugno
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Hulse_(baseball)	David Hulse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Waugh	Steve Waugh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Harris_(cricketer)	Chris Harris (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAI	RAI
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Senegal	Senegal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_McLoughlin	Alan McLoughlin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doberman_Pinscher	Dobermann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artur_Lekbello	Artur Lekbello
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somerset_County_Cricket_Club	Somerset County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seattle_Mariners	Seattle Mariners
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara_Schett	Barbara Schett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Calado	Carlos Calado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Calcavecchia	Mark Calcavecchia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Goldberger	Andreas Goldberger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldi	Aldi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerard_van_Velde	Gerard van Velde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ratlam	Ratlam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iva_Majoli	Iva Majoli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rashid_Latif	Rashid Latif
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flamurtari_Vlorë	Flamurtari Vlorë FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manfred_Kanther	Manfred Kanther
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Secretário	Carlos Secretário
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alaska	Alaska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scarborough_F.C.	Scarborough F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astrid_Kumbernuss	Astrid Kumbernuss
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chili_Davis	Chili Davis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blantyre,_Malawi	Blantyre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravenna_Calcio	Ravenna F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paraguay	Paraguay
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarpon_Springs,_Florida	Tarpon Springs, Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Benigni	Roberto Benigni
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Pfeffer	Anton Pfeffer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yingkou	Yingkou
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spain	Spain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OKS_1945_Olsztyn	Stomil Olsztyn (football)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Monde	Le Monde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seychelles_national_football_team	Seychelles national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_Pinsent	Matthew Pinsent
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernanda_Ribeiro	Fernanda Ribeiro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristina_Brandi	Kristina Brandi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympiacos_F.C.	Olympiacos F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marion_Clignet	Marion Clignet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Tennis_Centre_(United_Kingdom)	National Tennis Centre (United Kingdom)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Knight	Ray Knight
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fita_Bayisa	Fita Bayisa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borussia_Mönchengladbach	Borussia Mönchengladbach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finance_minister	Finance minister
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eredivisie	Eredivisie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan_Robson	Bryan Robson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rameswaram	Rameswaram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valletta_F.C.	Valletta F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chevron_Corporation	Chevron Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Spain	Bank of Spain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kivu	Kivu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patsy_Kensit	Patsy Kensit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kate_Michelman	Kate Michelman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Haarhuis	Paul Haarhuis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warwickshire_County_Cricket_Club	Warwickshire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarence_Park,_Weston-super-Mare	Clarence Park, Weston-super-Mare
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subaru_Impreza_WRX_STI	Subaru Impreza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F.C._Hansa_Rostock	F.C. Hansa Rostock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_Office_(Germany)	Federal Foreign Office
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nayan_Mongia	Nayan Mongia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gujar_Khan	Gujar Khan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilles_De_Bilde	Gilles De Bilde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Angels_of_Anaheim	Los Angeles Angels
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ai_Sugiyama	Ai Sugiyama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colchester_United_F.C.	Colchester United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alija_Izetbegović	Alija Izetbegović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hermawan_Susanto	Hermawan Susanto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prague	Prague
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramón_Delgado	Ramón Delgado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marty_Nothstein	Marty Nothstein
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSP_Limoges	Limoges CSP
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Campese	David Campese
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Saint-Germain_F.C.	Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pavel_Bure	Pavel Bure
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Teichmann	Gary Teichmann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Palmer	Dean Palmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Daily_Telegraph_(Australia)	The Telegraph
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montreal_Expos	Montreal Expos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_League_West	National League West
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Havana	Havana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosnia_(region)	Bosnia (region)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joannette_Kruger	Joannette Kruger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qian_Qichen	Qian Qichen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jeffrey	Michael Jeffrey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan-Turkism	Pan-Turkism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asmara	Asmara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_language	English language
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herman_Wijffels	Herman Wijffels
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Videoton_FC	Fehérvár FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summer_Olympic_Games	Summer Olympic Games
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asif_Ali_Zardari	Asif Ali Zardari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Herron	Tim Herron
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Zickler	Alexander Zickler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Andersson	Michael Andersson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galatasaray_S.K._(football_team)	Galatasaray S.K. (football)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massimo_Cuttitta	Massimo Cuttitta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_Lamy	Pedro Lamy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longchamp_Racecourse	Longchamp Racecourse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanderbijlpark	Vanderbijlpark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympique_Khouribga	Olympique Club de Khouribga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Coast_Eagles	West Coast Eagles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_the_Congo	Republic of the Congo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dublin	Dublin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kansas	Kansas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axel_Schulz	Axel Schulz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Waugh	Mark Waugh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM	IBM
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neville_Godwin	Neville Godwin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridgend_Ravens	Bridgend Ravens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_García_Postigo	Luis García Postigo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brentford_F.C.	Brentford F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.S._Lucchese_Libertas_1905	S.S.D. Lucchese 1905
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe-Max_Moore	Joe-Max Moore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruth_Perry	Ruth Perry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Wan_Wah	Lee Wan Wah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_York_Times	The New York Times
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Hamming	Ronald Hamming
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmed_Sékou_Touré	Ahmed Sékou Touré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sociedade_Esportiva_Palmeiras	Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coalition_(Australia)	Coalition (Australia)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy_Guscott	Jeremy Guscott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_City_F.C.	Lincoln City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Etruria	Etruria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Sanders_(baseball)	Scott Sanders (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skeid_Fotball	Skeid Fotball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kobus_Wiese	Kobus Wiese
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oakland,_California	Oakland, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faroe_Islands_national_football_team	Faroe Islands national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Party_(Hong_Kong)	Democratic Party (Hong Kong)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimy_Szymanski	Jimy Szymanski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Switzerland	Switzerland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameroon	Cameroon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuremberg_Airport	Nuremberg Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alberto_García_Aspe	Alberto García Aspe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Broadcasting_Company	American Broadcasting Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chua_Jui_Meng	Chua Jui Meng
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzuki	Suzuki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robbie_Winters	Robbie Winters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol_Rugby	Bristol Bears
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Dodds	Billy Dodds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billie_Jean_King	Billie Jean King
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Staunton	Steve Staunton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech_Republic	Czech Republic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MYPA	Myllykosken Pallo −47
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pemberton,_British_Columbia	Pemberton, British Columbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wataru_Yoshikawa	Wataru Yoshikawa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marlene_Thomsen	Marlene Thomsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Giles	Brian Giles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luke_Kipkosgei	Luke Kipkosgei
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ross_County_F.C.	Ross County F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skhirat	Skhirat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vienna	Vienna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Lawrence_Wolf	Mark L. Wolf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Quarracino	Antonio Quarracino
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinod_Kambli	Vinod Kambli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenallen_Hill	Glenallen Hill
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montreal_Canadiens	Montreal Canadiens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manfred_Schwabl	Manfred Schwabl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curragh_Racecourse	Curragh Racecourse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_Palestine	State of Palestine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Trafford	Old Trafford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nancy_Reagan	Nancy Reagan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_Wimbledon_Championships	1996 Wimbledon Championships
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santa_Barbara,_California	Santa Barbara, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arad,_Romania	Arad, Romania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albuquerque,_New_Mexico	Albuquerque, New Mexico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derby_County_F.C.	Derby County F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdome	Kingdome
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_(UK)	Liberal Party (UK)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boavista_F.C.	Boavista F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oksana_Grishina	Oksana Grishina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Building_(magazine)	Building (magazine)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Šiauliai	Šiauliai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuauhtémoc_Blanco	Cuauhtémoc Blanco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akron,_Ohio	Akron, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Jose,_California	San Jose, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_J._Sheehan	John J. Sheehan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon_III	Napoleon III
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missouri	Missouri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houston	Houston
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daewoo	Daewoo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LASK_Linz	LASK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Council_of_Europe	Council of Europe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tampa_Bay_Buccaneers	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominic_Cork	Dominic Cork
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriela_Szabo	Gabriela Szabo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietmar_Kühbauer	Dietmar Kühbauer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javier_Frana	Javier Frana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vtm	VTM (TV channel)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernhard_Langer	Bernhard Langer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shell_Turbo_Chargers	Shell Turbo Chargers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essex	Essex
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_II	World War II
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mats_Wilander	Mats Wilander
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derrick_Cooper	Derrick Cooper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ally_McCoist	Ally McCoist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flushing_Meadows_–_Corona_Park	Flushing Meadows–Corona Park
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patriotic_Salvation_Movement	Patriotic Salvation Movement
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ján_Krošlák	Ján Krošlák
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunisia_national_football_team	Tunisia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malta_Freeport	Malta Freeport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthias_Hagner	Matthias Hagner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silvia_Farina_Elia	Silvia Farina Elia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelle_Freeman	Michelle Freeman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janne_Ojanen	Janne Ojanen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburg_Airport	Hamburg Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco_Bode	Marco Bode
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swansea_RFC	Swansea RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Giffin	David Giffin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Bank_of_Brazil	Central Bank of Brazil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Hancock	Tim Hancock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft	Microsoft
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Art_Howe	Art Howe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biljana_Plavšić	Biljana Plavšić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genoa_C.F.C.	Genoa C.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maria_Mutola	Maria Mutola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanath_Jayasuriya	Sanath Jayasuriya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armando_Reynoso	Armando Reynoso
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Melbourne_Football_Club	North Melbourne Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rickey_Henderson	Rickey Henderson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zdeněk_Svoboda	Zdeněk Svoboda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Microsystems	Sun Microsystems
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubei	Hubei
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Mehrtens	Andrew Mehrtens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Spartak_Zlatibor_Voda	FK Spartak Subotica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middle_East_Economic_Survey	Middle East Economic Survey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leeds_United_A.F.C.	Leeds United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galo_Blanco	Galo Blanco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aryan_race	Aryan race
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Metz	FC Metz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paramaribo	Paramaribo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henri_Konan_Bédié	Henri Konan Bédié
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Crear	Mark Crear
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Plains_(United_States)	High Plains (United States)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africa_Cup_of_Nations	Africa Cup of Nations
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefan_Reuter	Stefan Reuter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grazer_AK	Grazer AK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karl-Heinz_Riedle	Karl-Heinz Riedle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Defense	United States Department of Defense
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Baulch	Jamie Baulch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottoman_Empire	Ottoman Empire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oceano_da_Cruz	Oceano Cruz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cal_Eldred	Cal Eldred
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janakantha	Janakantha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_Huracán	Club Atlético Huracán
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Slater	Michael Slater
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Civil_War	American Civil War
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maribor	Maribor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhejiang	Zhejiang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olabisi_Afolabi	Olabisi Afolabi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabon	Gabon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Will_Carling	Will Carling
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleksandra_Olsza	Aleksandra Olsza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France_national_football_team	France national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oliver_McCall	Oliver McCall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Hübner	Michael Hübner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Wachter	Anita Wachter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stade_Rennais_F.C.	Stade Rennais F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgbaston_Cricket_Ground	Edgbaston Cricket Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canterbury-Bankstown_Bulldogs	Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Csepel_SC	Csepel SC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosenza_Calcio_1914	Cosenza Calcio 1914
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natasha_Zvereva	Natasha Zvereva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Finance_(Chile)	Ministry of Finance (Chile)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Girondins_de_Bordeaux	FC Girondins de Bordeaux
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_Independiente	Club Atlético Independiente
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/João_Havelange	João Havelange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Farrakhan	Louis Farrakhan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Ireland_national_football_team	Northern Ireland national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auckland	Auckland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Korneev	Igor Korneev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations	United Nations
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_Larkin	Barry Larkin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Badminton_Grand_Prix	World Badminton Grand Prix Finals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_PR_national_football_team	China national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mickey_Cochrane	Mickey Cochrane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bologna_F.C._1909	Bologna F.C. 1909
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawaii	Hawaii
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazism	Nazism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Kelly,_Sr.	Alan Kelly Sr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Bench	Johnny Bench
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kid_Brands	Kid Brands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_Fulke	Pierre Fulke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zimbabwe_national_cricket_team	Zimbabwe national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allensbach	Allensbach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Stalin	Joseph Stalin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lima	Lima
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norberto_Téllez	Norberto Téllez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Rikl	David Rikl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota_Australia	Toyota Australia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Managua	Managua
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meredith_McGrath	Meredith McGrath
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yamaha_Motor_Company	Yamaha Motor Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pakistan_Muslim_League_(N)	Pakistan Muslim League (N)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saskatchewan	Saskatchewan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Cubs	Chicago Cubs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CF_Extremadura	CF Extremadura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Miller_(footballer)	Joe Miller (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petr_Korda	Petr Korda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NK_Rudar_Velenje	NK Rudar Velenje
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar_Davids	Edgar Davids
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hartford,_Connecticut	Hartford, Connecticut
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik_Breukink	Erik Breukink
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Vaughan	Justin Vaughan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosnia	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiang_Zemin	Jiang Zemin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stirling_Albion_F.C.	Stirling Albion F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Schweitzer	Albert Schweitzer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyramiden	Pyramiden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confederate_States_of_America	Confederate States of America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Komerční_banka	Komerční banka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Collins_(film)	Michael Collins (film)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sven_Fischer	Sven Fischer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osaka	Osaka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianluigi_Lentini	Gianluigi Lentini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clydebank_F.C.	Clydebank F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edmonton	Edmonton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shinichi_Itoh	Shinichi Ito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grasshopper_Club_Zürich	Grasshopper Club Zürich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferro_Carril_Oeste	Ferro Carril Oeste
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Love	James Love
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligent_network	Intelligent Network
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Chappell	Greg Chappell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FA_Cup	FA Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiří_Dopita	Jiří Dopita
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockerbie	Lockerbie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Haas	Tommy Haas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Erickson	Scott Erickson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merlene_Ottey	Merlene Ottey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Pendleton	Terry Pendleton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alaska_Aces_(PBA)	Alaska Aces (PBA)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Hinchcliffe	Andy Hinchcliffe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Japan	Bank of Japan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tami_Whitlinger	Tami Whitlinger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ato_Boldon	Ato Boldon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muhammad	Muhammad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duncan_Ferguson	Duncan Ferguson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_Netanyahu	Benjamin Netanyahu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona_Cardinals	Arizona Cardinals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Air_Force	United States Air Force
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_CSKA_Kyiv	FC CSKA Kyiv
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kengo_Wa_Dondo	Léon Kengo wa Dondo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Pukstys	Tom Pukstys
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Agriculture	United States Department of Agriculture
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Bruno	Frank Bruno
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2,000_Guineas_Stakes	2000 Guineas Stakes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Enrique_Martínez_García	Luis Enrique (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlton_Football_Club	Carlton Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Weah	George Weah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aegon	Aegon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Redondo	Fernando Redondo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security_Council_of_Russia	Security Council of Russia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casey_FitzRandolph	Casey FitzRandolph
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An-Nahar	An-Nahar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Zaragoza	Real Zaragoza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slobodan_Milošević	Slobodan Milošević
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Lakes	Great Lakes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Reiffel	Paul Reiffel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Michel_Bayle	Jean-Michel Bayle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Leger_Stakes	St Leger Stakes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Okinawa_Prefecture	Okinawa Prefecture
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_Nations	Commonwealth of Nations
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandre_Comisetti	Alexandre Comisetti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peronism	Peronism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanne_Haugland	Hanne Haugland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royce_Clayton	Royce Clayton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Tsang	Donald Tsang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madame_Bovary	Madame Bovary
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castleford_Tigers	Castleford Tigers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara_Paulus	Barbara Paulus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waiau,_Canterbury	Waiau, Canterbury
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Thome	Jim Thome
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Star_Belgrade	Red Star Belgrade
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jared_Palmer	Jared Palmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakan_Şükür	Hakan Şükür
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javier_Clemente	Javier Clemente
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silke_Renk	Silke Renk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Groningen_(city)	Groningen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Nanven_Garba	Joseph Nanven Garba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_New_Zealand	Radio New Zealand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deborah_Compagnoni	Deborah Compagnoni
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Office_of_Fair_Trading	Office of Fair Trading
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bima_Sakti	Bima Sakti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genoa	Genoa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transylvania	Transylvania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacek_Dembiński	Jacek Dembiński
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinko_Marinović	Vinko Marinović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idris_I_of_Libya	Idris of Libya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K.R.C._Genk	K.R.C. Genk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anglo-Welsh_Cup	Anglo-Welsh Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Germany	East Germany
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debreceni_VSC	Debreceni VSC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Rowson	David Rowson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grande_Prairie	Grande Prairie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippe_Sella	Philippe Sella
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Human_Rights_Commission_(Mexico)	National Human Rights Commission (Mexico)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodia	Cambodia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrei_Kanchelskis	Andrei Kanchelskis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_people	British people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khalid_Boulami	Khalid Boulami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newcastle_United_F.C.	Newcastle United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_Lombardi	Giovanni Lombardi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gujarat	Gujarat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Petkovsek	Mark Petkovsek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desvonde_Botes	Desvonde Botes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vålerenga_Fotball	Vålerenga Fotball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Perón	Juan Perón
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emiliano_Mondonico	Emiliano Mondonico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grimsby_Town_F.C.	Grimsby Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diario_16	Diario 16
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.S.G._Nocerina	A.S.G. Nocerina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Azerbaijan_national_football_team	Azerbaijan national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R.E._Mouscron	R.E. Mouscron
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David	David
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roda_JC	Roda JC Kerkrade
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Euro_1992	UEFA Euro 1992
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fidel_V._Ramos	Fidel Ramos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Spartak_Trnava	FC Spartak Trnava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_territories	Palestinian territories
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panionios_B.C.	Panionios B.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Land_Securities	Landsec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Fairbrother	Neil Fairbrother
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfgang_Ischinger	Wolfgang Ischinger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontefract	Pontefract
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahold	Ahold
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Roff	Joe Roff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheah_Soon_Kit	Cheah Soon Kit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricco_Groß	Ricco Groß
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guardians_of_the_Cedars	Guardians of the Cedars
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huntington,_West_Virginia	Huntington, West Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_Lane	Barry Lane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HarperCollins	HarperCollins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brett_Martin	Brett Martin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Dinamo_Batumi	FC Dinamo Batumi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Belmondo	Paul Belmondo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SEGRO	Segro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Linz	FC Linz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Sutjeska_Foča	FK Sutjeska Foča
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Bancarel	Anthony Bancarel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canberra	Canberra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republika_Srpska	Republika Srpska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuart_Cage	Stuart Cage
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Munton	Tim Munton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Aarau	FC Aarau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_Zuberbühler	Pascal Zuberbühler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scotland_national_under-21_football_team	Scotland national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irina_Korzhanenko	Irina Korzhanenko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcos_Ondruska	Marcos Ondruska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Zitelli	David Zitelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_Dyer	Bruce Dyer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treorchy_RFC	Treorchy RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Pelletreau	Robert Pelletreau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steffi_Graf	Steffi Graf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England_national_football_team	England national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Glavine	Tom Glavine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozambique_national_football_team	Mozambique national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caribbean	Caribbean
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F.C._Porto	FC Porto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guerrero	Guerrero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jed-Forest_RFC	Jed-Forest RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slovenia	Slovenia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Appleton,_Wisconsin	Appleton, Wisconsin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Park_Service	National Park Service
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport	Berlin Tempelhof Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vicenza_Calcio	L.R. Vicenza Virtus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACES_Colombia	ACES Colombia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam	Islam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Villeneuve	Jacques Villeneuve
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griqualand_West	Griqualand West
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmed_Barada	Ahmed Barada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand	New Zealand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batajnica	Batajnica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Wilkins_(baseball)	Marc Wilkins (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Togo_national_football_team	Togo national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ijaz_Ahmed_(cricketer)	Ijaz Ahmed (cricketer, born 1968)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burkhard_Reich	Burkhard Reich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich_Re	Munich Re
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nablus	Nablus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Fogarty	Carl Fogarty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pete_Incaviglia	Pete Incaviglia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olin_Browne	Olin Browne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forfar_Athletic_F.C.	Forfar Athletic F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Verona	Verona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Schalke_04	FC Schalke 04
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_Vosberg	Ed Vosberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asia	Asia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brett_Liddle	Brett Liddle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carolina_Panthers	Carolina Panthers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sporting_de_Gijón	Sporting de Gijón
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrei_Tchmil	Andrei Tchmil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_the_Waterfront	On the Waterfront
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Walker	Larry Walker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HP_Enterprise_Services	DXC Technology
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deportivo_Toluca_F.C.	Deportivo Toluca F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Gorré	Dean Gorré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ipsos	Ipsos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johan_de_Kock	Johan de Kock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Smiley	John Smiley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caltex	Caltex
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lombardi_Award	Lombardi Award
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Koech	Paul Koech
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Times	The Times
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronde_van_Nederland	Tour of the Netherlands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hull_City_A.F.C.	Hull City A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allen_Johnson	Allen Johnson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_national_cricket_team	New Zealand national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sébastien_Foucras	Sébastien Foucras
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Worrell	Todd Worrell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Boland	Harry Boland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Dwyer	Bob Dwyer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vénuste_Niyongabo	Vénuste Niyongabo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1._HFC_Humenné	ŠK Futura Humenné
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yitzhak_Shamir	Yitzhak Shamir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan_Fed_Cup_team	Japan Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent_County_Cricket_Club	Kent County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgrade	Belgrade
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarajevo	Sarajevo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Moody	Tom Moody
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Daschle	Tom Daschle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Korea	North Korea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ta_Mok	Ta Mok
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Ayala	Roberto Ayala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Viktoria_Plzeň	FC Viktoria Plzeň
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minnesota	Minnesota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joey_Hamilton	Joey Hamilton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winnipeg	Winnipeg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Columbus,_Ohio	Columbus, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danilo_Hondo	Danilo Hondo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sören_Lausberg	Sören Lausberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Oates	Johnny Oates
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arlen_Specter	Arlen Specter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Oliveira	Luís Oliveira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Jour	Le Jour
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landgraaf	Landgraaf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kamiel_Maase	Kamiel Maase
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesse_Owens	Jesse Owens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vietnam_War	Vietnam War
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bucharest	Bucharest
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudi_Press_Agency	Saudi Press Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batasuna	Batasuna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Court_of_Cassation_(France)	Court of Cassation (France)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NationsBank	NationsBank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limited_company	Limited company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Zorc	Michael Zorc
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc-Vivien_Foé	Marc-Vivien Foé
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Simpson	Tim Simpson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gheorghe_Craioveanu	Gheorghe Craioveanu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Lobinger	Tim Lobinger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Breen	Gary Breen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Dole	Bob Dole
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Union_of_Railways	International Union of Railways
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_Salvation_Front	Islamic Salvation Front
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BVSC_Budapest	Budapesti VSC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenichi_Shimokawa	Kenichi Shimokawa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism	Zionism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sun_(United_Kingdom)	The Sun (United Kingdom)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sally_Barsosio	Sally Barsosio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Healy	Ian Healy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandra_Mussolini	Alessandra Mussolini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Couples	Fred Couples
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Cévaër	Christian Cévaër
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacksonville,_Florida	Jacksonville, Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimas_Teixeira	Dimas (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunderland_A.F.C.	Sunderland A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minsk	Minsk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nagyatád	Nagyatád
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toomas_Savi	Toomas Savi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denver_Broncos	Denver Broncos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/René_(novella)	René (novella)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vaduz	Vaduz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvin_Benard	Marvin Benard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headingley	Headingley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpay_Özalan	Alpay Özalan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_José,_Costa_Rica	San José, Costa Rica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Rifle_Association	National Rifle Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morinville,_Alberta	Morinville
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Las_Vegas,_Nevada	Las Vegas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Virginia	West Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsche	Porsche
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lars_Bohinen	Lars Bohinen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fausto_Pizzi	Fausto Pizzi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Metalurh_Zaporizhya	FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houston_Rockets	Houston Rockets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shayne_King	Shayne King
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Garibaldi	Giuseppe Garibaldi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyprus_national_football_team	Cyprus national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauritius	Mauritius
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sophia_Loren	Sophia Loren
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Sobotzik	Thomas Sobotzik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_McGrory	Scott McGrory
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silvio_Berlusconi	Silvio Berlusconi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Tarango	Jeff Tarango
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zambia_national_football_team	Zambia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organisation_of_the_Islamic_Conference	Organisation of Islamic Cooperation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argentina	Argentina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whittier,_Alaska	Whittier, Alaska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asif_Mujtaba	Asif Mujtaba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criciúma_Esporte_Clube	Criciúma Esporte Clube
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_of_Democratic_Action	Party of Democratic Action
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Karlsson	Robert Karlsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Martin_(cricketer)	Peter Martin (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohammad_Azharuddin	Mohammad Azharuddin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rafic_Hariri	Rafic Hariri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andre_Snyman	André Snyman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rennae_Stubbs	Rennae Stubbs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Şırnak_Province	Şırnak Province
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malawi_national_football_team	Malawi national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Albans_(city),_Vermont	St. Albans (city), Vermont
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People's_Party_(Spain)	People's Party (Spain)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communist_party	Communist party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Wilson_(sportsman)	Jeff Wilson (sportsman)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgium_Fed_Cup_team	Belgium Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews	Jews
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tando_Allahyar	Tando Allahyar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orlando_Magic	Orlando Magic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max_Sciandri	Max Sciandri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seville	Seville
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shining_Path	Shining Path
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judith_Wiesner	Judith Wiesner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Johansson_(motorcyclist)	Peter Johansson (motorcyclist)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exeter_City_F.C.	Exeter City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabobank_(cycling_team)	Team Jumbo–Visma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codos	Codos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buenos_Aires	Buenos Aires
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florian_Rousseau	Florian Rousseau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liechtenstein_national_football_team	Liechtenstein national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richmond,_Virginia	Richmond, Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandro_Melli	Alessandro Melli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duffy_Waldorf	Duffy Waldorf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Andrews_(rugby_player)	Mark Andrews (rugby player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cagliari_Calcio	Cagliari Calcio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariano_Juan	Mariano Juan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Free_Hospital	Royal Free Hospital
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euroscepticism	Euroscepticism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chavakacheri	Chavakachcheri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigurd_Njerve	Sigurd Njerve
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_Is_Beautiful	Small Is Beautiful
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Grabb	Jim Grabb
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xinhua_News_Agency	Xinhua News Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigeria	Nigeria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Avalanche	Colorado Avalanche
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krzysztof_Warzycha	Krzysztof Warzycha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Vancouver_Sun	Vancouver Sun
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wisła_Kraków	Wisła Kraków
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Tramacchi	Peter Tramacchi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_Skating_World_Cup	ISU Speed Skating World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sauber	Sauber Motorsport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phnom_Penh	Phnom Penh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Philippoussis	Mark Philippoussis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anja_Rücker	Anja Rücker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Bank_(Bangladesh)	National Bank Limited
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Régine_Cavagnoud	Régine Cavagnoud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Democratic_Confederation_of_Labour	French Democratic Confederation of Labour
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_rules_football	Australian rules football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janez_Drnovšek	Janez Drnovšek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_Labour_Party	New Zealand Labour Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liam_Fox	Liam Fox
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaime_Oncins	Jaime Oncins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_America	South America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Azarbaijan_province	West Azerbaijan Province
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Nieland	Nick Nieland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_language	Spanish language
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Mason	Carl Mason
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pro_Football_Hall_of_Fame	Pro Football Hall of Fame
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AFC_Asian_Cup	AFC Asian Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_of_Tennis_Professionals	Association of Tennis Professionals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orvieto	Orvieto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Kirsten	Gary Kirsten
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Chornomorets_Odesa	FC Chornomorets Odesa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delfino_Pescara_1936	Delfino Pescara 1936
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avigdor_Kahalani	Avigdor Kahalani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geneva	Geneva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinamina	Dinamina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stéphane_Guivarc'h	Stéphane Guivarc'h
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany_men's_national_ice_hockey_team	Germany men's national ice hockey team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Somavía	Juan Somavía
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayer_Giants_Leverkusen	Bayer Giants Leverkusen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma_State_University–Stillwater	Oklahoma State University–Stillwater
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Cup_of_Hockey	World Cup of Hockey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mihai_Tararache	Mihai Tararache
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viacom_(1971–2005)	Viacom (1952–2006)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgios_Panagiotopoulos	Georgios Panagiotopoulos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habib_Boularès	Habib Boularès
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Federal_Court	Supreme Federal Court
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaza	Gaza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polish_Press_Agency	Polish Press Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Kennedy_(footballer)	Mark Kennedy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markus_Schopp	Markus Schopp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackpool_F.C.	Blackpool F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_State	United States Department of State
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otis_Nixon	Otis Nixon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungary	Hungary
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bahía_Blanca	Bahía Blanca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AEK_Larnaca	AEK Larnaca FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reynald_Pedros	Reynald Pedros
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fußball-Bundesliga	Bundesliga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Football_League	Australian Football League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Symonds	Andrew Symonds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yugoslavia	Yugoslavia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Shearer	Alan Shearer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Humphries	Scott Humphries
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coppa_Italia	Coppa Italia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebron	Hebron
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claude_Makélélé	Claude Makélélé
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Channel_2_(Israel)	Channel 2 (Israeli TV channel)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austria	Austria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leah_Pells	Leah Pells
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jakarta	Jakarta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honduras	Honduras
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago	Chicago
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslobođenje	Oslobođenje
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlantic_Division_(NHL)	Atlantic Division (NHL)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Backley	Steve Backley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelbourne_F.C.	Shelbourne F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Rights_in_China_(organization)	Human Rights in China (organization)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HINA	Croatian News Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_Atteveld	Raymond Atteveld
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Tinsley	Lee Tinsley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_Cricket	World Series Cricket
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lonmin	Lonmin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gazeta_Wyborcza	Gazeta Wyborcza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walsall_F.C.	Walsall F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiangxi	Jiangxi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khandwa	Khandwa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa_national_cricket_team	South Africa national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Roelofsen	Richard Roelofsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Mundo_(Spain)	El Mundo (Spain)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kolkata	Kolkata
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Assembly_of_Angola	National Assembly (Angola)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Ikimi	Tom Ikimi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenn_Hoddle	Glenn Hoddle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Silva	Mário Silva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Gillespie	Jason Gillespie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krassimir_Balakov	Krasimir Balakov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_Telegraph_Agency_of_Russia	TASS
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Husqvarna_Motorcycles	Husqvarna Motorcycles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_H._W._Bush	George H. W. Bush
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allenby_Bridge	Allenby Bridge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shatoy	Shatoy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iulian_Filipescu	Iulian Filipescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_national_rugby_union_team	Australia national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luca_Cadalora	Luca Cadalora
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatos_Nano	Fatos Nano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Hall_of_the_People	Great Hall of the People
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shem_Kororia	Shem Kororia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reuters	Reuters
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimmy_Adams	Jimmy Adams
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.)	Sierra Nevada (U.S.)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Bénézech	Laurent Bénézech
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toledo,_Ohio	Toledo, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qur'an	Quran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neale_Fraser	Neale Fraser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Mitchell_(baseball)	Kevin Mitchell (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Borac_Čačak	FK Borac Čačak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Metalurg_Skopje	FK Metalurg Skopje
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repsol_YPF	Repsol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malawi	Malawi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costain_Group	Costain Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkshire_Hathaway	Berkshire Hathaway
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dewas	Dewas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Vladimirovich_Volkov	Alexander Volkov (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Peleg	David Peleg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_B._Lindsey	Lawrence B. Lindsey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_of_Madrid	Community of Madrid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Thompson_(baseball)	Mark Thompson (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Tayibe_F.C.	Hapoel Tayibe F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interfax	Interfax
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harleysville,_Pennsylvania	Harleysville, Pennsylvania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ross_McFarlane	Ross McFarlane
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolf_Sørensen	Rolf Sørensen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Rapid_Bucureşti	FC Rapid București
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Richardson_(athlete)	Mark Richardson (sprinter)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hambrecht_&_Quist	Hambrecht &amp; Quist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Reserve_System	Federal Reserve
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Joulwan	George Joulwan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Governor_of_South_Carolina	Governor of South Carolina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Diego	San Diego
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Coles_(golfer)	Robert Coles (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Ruud	Christian Ruud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deng_Xiaoping	Deng Xiaoping
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucy_Tyler-Sharman	Lucy Tyler-Sharman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Miguel_Insulza	José Miguel Insulza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reserve_Bank_of_Australia	Reserve Bank of Australia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torquay_United_F.C.	Torquay United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda	Honda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Mordecai	Mike Mordecai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umkomaas	Umkomaas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrik_Sjöberg	Patrik Sjöberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Heath_(Boxer)	James Heath (boxer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_P._Hall	Tony P. Hall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panama	Panama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyrrell_Racing	Tyrrell Racing
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdish_nationalism	Kurdish nationalism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilson_Kipketer	Wilson Kipketer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Ginola	David Ginola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernd_Karbacher	Bernd Karbacher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethiopia	Ethiopia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Durham_County_Cricket_Club	Durham County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marxism	Marxism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Zanardi	Alex Zanardi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constantin_Gâlcă	Constantin Gâlcă
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House	White House
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Weaver_(jockey)	Jason Weaver (jockey)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alicante	Alicante
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davor_Šuker	Davor Šuker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hay_Point,_Queensland	Hay Point, Queensland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wigan_Warriors	Wigan Warriors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Munk	Peter Munk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francesco_Toldo	Francesco Toldo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Dakota	South Dakota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denver_Nuggets	Denver Nuggets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PSINet	PSINet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costantino_Rocca	Costantino Rocca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakan_Ünsal	Hakan Ünsal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield_Eagles	Sheffield Eagles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Partizan	FK Partizan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/O._J._Simpson	O. J. Simpson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_of_Russia	Government of Russia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potsdam	Potsdam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herfried_Sabitzer	Herfried Sabitzer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayer_04_Leverkusen	Bayer 04 Leverkusen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindu	Kindu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Kolyvanov	Igor Kolyvanov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NK_Olimpija_Ljubljana_(1911)	NK Olimpija Ljubljana (1945–2005)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiroaki_Morishima	Hiroaki Morishima
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/As-Safir	As-Safir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malcolm_Marshall	Malcolm Marshall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timişoara	Timișoara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Construction_Industry_Council	Construction Industry Council
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_NT_4.0	Windows NT 4.0
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karl_Marx	Karl Marx
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antony_Marlow	Tony Marlow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicole_Brown_Simpson	Nicole Brown Simpson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Héctor_Camacho	Héctor Camacho
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AEK_Athens_F.C.	AEK Athens F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Columbia_University	Columbia University
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmad_Shah_Massoud	Ahmad Shah Massoud
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_dollar	United States dollar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Green_(golfer)	Ken Green (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaffna	Jaffna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S.C._Espinho	S.C. Espinho
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Túlio_Costa	Túlio Maravilha
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moldova_national_football_team	Moldova national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charleston,_West_Virginia	Charleston, West Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ireland	Ireland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefan_Johansson	Stefan Johansson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milan_Kučan	Milan Kučan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Luzern	FC Luzern
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdullah_Ercan	Abdullah Ercan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elia_Kazan	Elia Kazan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kader_Ferhaoui	Abdelkader Ferhaoui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pauline_Konga	Pauline Konga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgiy_Mammadov	Georgiy Mamedov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windhoek	Windhoek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andruw_Jones	Andruw Jones
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Mercantile_Exchange	New York Mercantile Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaston_Taument	Gaston Taument
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tomasz_Moskal	Tomasz Moskal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nathalie_Tauziat	Nathalie Tauziat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Wickman	Bob Wickman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Telfer	Jim Telfer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_White_Sox	Chicago White Sox
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nobel_Peace_Prize	Nobel Peace Prize
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Confederation_of_Free_Trade_Unions	International Confederation of Free Trade Unions
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frode_Andresen	Frode Andresen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Alesi	Jean Alesi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armen_Martirosyan_(athlete)	Armen Martirosyan (athlete)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_Championship	County Championship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Li_Peng	Li Peng
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sicily	Sicily
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norifumi_Abe	Norifumi Abe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brenda_Schultz-McCarthy	Brenda Schultz-McCarthy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Guard_of_the_United_States	United States National Guard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riyadh	Riyadh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_Palace,_London	Crystal Palace, London
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clive_Lloyd	Clive Lloyd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rob_Andrew	Rob Andrew
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zapatista_Army_of_National_Liberation	Zapatista Army of National Liberation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraq	Iraq
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lantau_Peak	Lantau Peak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deportivo_Español	Deportivo Español
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Wright_(footballer)	Keith Wright (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arsenal_F.C.	Arsenal F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chanda_Rubin	Chanda Rubin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KwaZulu-Natal	KwaZulu-Natal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zygmunt_Solorz-Żak	Zygmunt Solorz-Żak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mário_Covas	Mário Covas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_University	American University
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lidl	Lidl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hollywood	Hollywood
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarah_Brady	Sarah Brady
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aung_San	Aung San
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michoacán	Michoacán
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hussein_of_Jordan	Hussein of Jordan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Changi_Prison	Changi Prison
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Bisconti	Roberto Bisconti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_Lanús	Club Atlético Lanús
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahala	Mahala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_95	Windows 95
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molde_FK	Molde FK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doku_Zavgayev	Doku Zavgayev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester_City_F.C.	Chester City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariaan_de_Swardt	Mariaan de Swardt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Roe	Mark Roe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Pembridge	Mark Pembridge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesarea	Caesarea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Evans	Craig Evans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_Wolpe	Howard Wolpe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinnytsia	Vinnytsia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_the_United_States	Supreme Court of the United States
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Ove_Pedersen	Jan Ove Pedersen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sally_Boyden_(cyclist)	Sally Boyden (cyclist)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawthorn_Football_Club	Hawthorn Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liam_Daish	Liam Daish
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biathlon_World_Cup	Biathlon World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Commerce	United States Department of Commerce
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balkans	Balkans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adnan_Al_Talyani	Adnan Al Talyani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Violeta_Chamorro	Violeta Chamorro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellerive_Oval	Bellerive Oval
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tolunay_Kafkas	Tolunay Kafkas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Johnson_(boxer)	Tom Johnson (boxer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nepal	Nepal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryszard_Wieczorek	Ryszard Wieczorek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venray	Venray
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florencia_Labat	Florencia Labat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Pierce	Mary Pierce
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patricia_Girard	Patricia Girard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wuxi	Wuxi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rochdale_A.F.C.	Rochdale A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Écu	Écu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avalon,_New_Jersey	Avalon, New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Parry	Craig Parry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agenzia_Nazionale_Stampa_Associata	Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wincanton_Classic	Wincanton Classic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Sullivan	Anthony Sullivan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordegg,_Alberta	Nordegg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portugal	Portugal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chihuahua,_Chihuahua	Chihuahua City
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Waterreus	Ronald Waterreus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans_Segers	Hans Segers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romanians	Romanians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viking_FK	Viking FK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KK_Crvena_zvezda	KK Crvena zvezda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ye_Zhaoying	Ye Zhaoying
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morgan_Stanley	Morgan Stanley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hastings_Banda	Hastings Banda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ankara	Ankara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_González_(baseball)	Juan González (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Óscar_Tabárez	Óscar Tabárez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_League	American League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chillicothe,_Ohio	Chillicothe, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Golf	NEC World Series of Golf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardiff_City_F.C.	Cardiff City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth,_New_Jersey	Elizabeth, New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiona_May	Fiona May
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.S._Roma	A.S. Roma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mostostal	Mostostal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Kluivert	Patrick Kluivert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Bayern_Munich	FC Bayern Munich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albanian_Football_Association	Albanian Football Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_McAllister	Gary McAllister
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TV_Guide	TV Guide
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salzburg	Salzburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sporting_Clube_de_Portugal	Sporting CP
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sibiu_International_Airport	Sibiu International Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithuania	Lithuania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Trade_Organization	World Trade Organization
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_England_Patriots	New England Patriots
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Kappes	Andreas Kappes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hristo_Stoichkov	Hristo Stoichkov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Oval	The Oval
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F.C._Internazionale_Milano	Inter Milan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princeton_N._Lyman	Princeton Lyman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMR_Corporation	AMR Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darryn_Hill	Darryn Hill
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constand_Viljoen	Constand Viljoen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Keegan	Kevin Keegan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenya	Kenya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierluigi_Casiraghi	Pierluigi Casiraghi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabrizio_Ravanelli	Fabrizio Ravanelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SV_Werder_Bremen	SV Werder Bremen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inger_Miller	Inger Miller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algemeen_Nederlands_Persbureau	Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Security_Council	United Nations Security Council
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzuka_Circuit	Suzuka International Racing Course
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabat	Rabat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balmain_Tigers	Balmain Tigers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emilio_Valle	Emilio Valle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalonia	Catalonia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marie_Lindgren	Marie Lindgren
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helena_Suková	Helena Suková
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spetses	Spetses
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expansión	Expansion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Montgomerie	Colin Montgomerie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic	Arctic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Matin_(France)	Le Matin (France)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolf_Point,_Montana	Wolf Point, Montana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Meteorological_Institute	Royal Meteorological Institute
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deere_&_Company	John Deere
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Chaloner	Mark Chaloner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_League	National League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Wollek	Bob Wollek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Calderwood	Colin Calderwood
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Joyce_(tennis)	Michael Joyce (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Riviera	French Riviera
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Sion	FC Sion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camden,_Arkansas	Camden, Arkansas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne-Gaëlle_Sidot	Anne-Gaëlle Sidot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V.C._Eendracht_Aalst_2002	S.C. Eendracht Aalst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Cash	Pat Cash
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruno_Risi	Bruno Risi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francesco_Casagrande	Francesco Casagrande
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamism	Islamism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonas_Savimbi	Jonas Savimbi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irina_Privalova	Irina Privalova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_McGinley	Paul McGinley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newark,_New_Jersey	Newark, New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Brundle	Martin Brundle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Olympic_Committee	National Olympic Committee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Małgorzata_Rydz	Małgorzata Rydz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippines	Philippines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Burke_(ice_hockey)	Brian Burke (ice hockey)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khaleda_Zia	Khaleda Zia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_NT	Windows NT
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Hutton	Mark Hutton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mate_Granić	Mate Granić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jalalabad	Jalalabad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Baldwin_(baseball)	James Baldwin (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Mets	New York Mets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_Kabul	Radio Kabul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Headley	Dean Headley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathias_Jack	Mathias Jack
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Pate	Stephen Pate
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Sea	Red Sea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juliana_of_the_Netherlands	Juliana of the Netherlands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detroit_Pistons	Detroit Pistons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cercle_Brugge_K.S.V.	Cercle Brugge K.S.V.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolf_Ekéus	Rolf Ekéus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Hulbert	Mike Hulbert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Odra_Wodzisław	Odra Wodzisław
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doug_Young	Douglas Young
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Richards_(racing)	David Richards (motorsport)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guernsey	Guernsey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tour_de_France	Tour de France
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxford	Oxford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feyenoord	Feyenoord
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faustino_Asprilla	Faustino Asprilla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Leyritz	Jim Leyritz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugene_de_Kock	Eugene de Kock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uganda_national_football_team	Uganda national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boland_cricket_team	Boland (cricket team)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Himalaya_Kingdom	Himalaya Kingdom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Hierro	Fernando Hierro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elf_Aquitaine	Elf Aquitaine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Arthur,_Tasmania	Port Arthur, Tasmania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lars_Riedel	Lars Riedel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Bears	Chicago Bears
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detroit_Red_Wings	Detroit Red Wings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beirut_Stock_Exchange	Beirut Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joakim_Haeggman	Joakim Haeggman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Barr_(golfer)	Dave Barr (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italy	Italy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lindsay_Davenport	Lindsay Davenport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charleston,_South_Carolina	Charleston, South Carolina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Diego_Chargers	History of the San Diego Chargers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hainan	Hainan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stenhousemuir_F.C.	Stenhousemuir F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sport_Club_Corinthians_Paulista	Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanta_Falcons	Atlanta Falcons
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euroleague_Basketball	Euroleague Basketball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parramatta_Eels	Parramatta Eels
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siam_Commercial_Bank	Siam Commercial Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Ivanov	Igor Ivanov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lennart_Meri	Lennart Meri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aidan_Quinn	Aidan Quinn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PBC_CSKA_Moscow	PBC CSKA Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Baggio	Roberto Baggio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Land_is_Ours	The Land is Ours
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis_Colts	Indianapolis Colts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco_49ers	San Francisco 49ers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Bank_of_Poland	National Bank of Poland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Taylor_(Liberia)	Charles Taylor (Liberian politician)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrei_Olhovskiy	Andrei Olhovskiy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_Jones_Industrial_Average	Dow Jones Industrial Average
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pendleton,_Oregon	Pendleton, Oregon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xhosa	Xhosa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen's_Park,_Chesterfield	Queen's Park, Chesterfield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan_American_World_Airways	Pan American World Airways
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inia,_Paphos	Inia, Paphos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newsnight	Newsnight
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiquinho_Conde	Chiquinho Conde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plymouth_Argyle_F.C.	Plymouth Argyle F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronaldo	Ronaldo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abidjan	Abidjan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marek_Citko	Marek Citko
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Stoltenberg	Jason Stoltenberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Nicol	Peter Nicol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slovakia_national_football_team	Slovakia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Oţelul_Galaţi	ASC Oțelul Galați
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macedonia_national_football_team	North Macedonia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valero_Texas_Open	Valero Texas Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrigo_Sacchi	Arrigo Sacchi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuzla	Tuzla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lierse_S.K.	Lierse S.K.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulgencio_Batista	Fulgencio Batista
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marina_Trandenkova	Marina Trandenkova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida	Fort Lauderdale, Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gheorghe_Popescu	Gheorghe Popescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GKS_Katowice	GKS Katowice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Rudar_Pljevlja	FK Rudar Pljevlja
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur	Kuala Lumpur
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louise_Currey	Louise Currey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Rockies	Colorado Rockies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Mitchell_(golfer)	Peter Mitchell (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quito	Quito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sud-PTT	Sud-PTT
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twyford_Down	Twyford Down
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gérard_de_Nooijer	Gérard de Nooijer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vladimír_Šmicer	Vladimír Šmicer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patriotic_Union_of_Kurdistan	Patriotic Union of Kurdistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Williams_(baseball)	Mike Williams (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_Russell	Raymond Russell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irina_Spîrlea	Irina Spîrlea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Interim_Force_in_Lebanon	United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Chiappa	Roberto Chiappa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/14th_Dalai_Lama	14th Dalai Lama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brno	Brno
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Sydney_Rabbitohs	South Sydney Rabbitohs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Istanbul	Istanbul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northampton	Northampton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vogue_(magazine)	Vogue (magazine)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houston_Texans	Houston Texans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Dukla_Banská_Bystrica	FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobbie_Goulding	Bobbie Goulding
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brush_Engineered_Materials	Materion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basque_Country_(greater_region)	Basque Country (greater region)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent_Orange	Agent Orange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dallas	Dallas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Martin	Al Martin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hachette_Filipacchi_Médias	Hachette Filipacchi Médias
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Board_Options_Exchange	Chicago Board Options Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Konstantinos_Mitsotakis	Konstantinos Mitsotakis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Václav_Havel	Václav Havel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Mullally	Alan Mullally
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marko_Koers	Marko Koers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euronext_Paris	Euronext Paris
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yap_Kim_Hock	Yap Kim Hock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayodhya	Ayodhya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudan_Airways	Sudan Airways
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Macedonia	North Macedonia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pete_Sampras	Pete Sampras
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primož_Peterka	Primož Peterka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_Aviation_Authority_(United_Kingdom)	Civil Aviation Authority (United Kingdom)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_National_Convention	Democratic National Convention
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Jones_(cricketer)	Dean Jones (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinaloa	Sinaloa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hassania_Agadir	Hassania Agadir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_Warriors	New Zealand Warriors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shahid_Afridi	Shahid Afridi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Pierre_Cyprien	Jean-Pierre Cyprien
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kosovo	Kosovo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hideo_Nomo	Hideo Nomo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benito_Mussolini	Benito Mussolini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Cup	Scottish Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Depositary_Receipt	American depositary receipt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straits_of_Florida	Straits of Florida
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hartford_Wolf_Pack	Hartford Wolf Pack
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heli_Rantanen	Heli Rantanen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico_City	Mexico City
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenavon_F.C.	Glenavon F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Allenby	Robert Allenby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poland	Poland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anhui	Anhui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandusky,_Ohio	Sandusky, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasser_Hussain	Nasser Hussain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lancet	The Lancet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackie_Stewart	Jackie Stewart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Ball,_Jr.	Alan Ball Jr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Nobilo	Frank Nobilo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiwan_Strait	Taiwan Strait
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Boxing_Association	International Boxing Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrea_Glass	Andrea Glass
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiev	Kiev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_III_of_Scotland	Alexander III of Scotland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SK_Rapid_Wien	SK Rapid Wien
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1972_Summer_Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunther_Schepens	Gunther Schepens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melrose_RFC	Melrose RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._Città_di_Palermo	S.S.D. Palermo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Younes_El_Aynaoui	Younes El Aynaoui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_(U.S._state)	Washington (state)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galanta	Galanta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Delgado	Carlos Delgado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VfB_Stuttgart	VfB Stuttgart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlo_Checchinato	Carlo Checchinato
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illinois	Illinois
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Brunmayr	Ronald Brunmayr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melbourne_Football_Club	Melbourne Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_Law_Party_(United_States)	Natural Law Party (United States)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIS_Alpine_Ski_World_Cup	FIS Alpine Ski World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UCI_Road_World_Cup	UCI Road World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equipe_Ligier	Equipe Ligier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Party_of_Iranian_Kurdistan	Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Intertoto_Cup	UEFA Intertoto Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranji_Trophy	Ranji Trophy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricardo_Sá_Pinto	Ricardo Sá Pinto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefano_Pescosolido	Stefano Pescosolido
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Ingham	Bernard Ingham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruxandra_Dragomir	Ruxandra Dragomir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabic_language	Arabic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_de_Boer	Ronald de Boer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicolas_Ouédec	Nicolas Ouédec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santiago_Bernabéu_Stadium	Santiago Bernabéu Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauro_Silva	Mauro Silva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabrizio_Mori	Fabrizio Mori
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Checa	Carlos Checa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Bos	Jan Bos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florida_Panthers	Florida Panthers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AES_Eletropaulo	Enel Distribution Sao Paulo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nagorno-Karabakh_Republic	Republic of Artsakh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Knowles	Mark Knowles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teresa	Teresa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Vale_F.C.	Port Vale F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heidi_Zurbriggen	Heidi Zurbriggen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athens_Metro	Athens Metro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costas_Simitis	Costas Simitis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lewis_Gunn	Lewis Gunn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omar_Karami	Omar Karami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghana	Ghana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Liberation_Front_of_Corsica	National Liberation Front of Corsica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_Thorpe	Graham Thorpe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriel_Batistuta	Gabriel Batistuta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Cunningham	Kenny Cunningham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmedou_Ould-Abdallah	Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cecil_Mamiit	Cecil Mamiit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volker_Rühe	Volker Rühe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Lankford	Ray Lankford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niclas_Fasth	Niclas Fasth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loren_Roberts	Loren Roberts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe	Europe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_Schork	Kurt Schork
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chad_Ogea	Chad Ogea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radek_Bonk	Radek Bonk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Botafogo_de_Futebol_e_Regatas	Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ming_Pao	Ming Pao
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_Collstrop	Cycle Collstrop
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moldova	Moldova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_citizens_of_Israel	Arab citizens of Israel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesús_Arellano	Jesús Arellano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Watkinson	Mike Watkinson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chandrika_Kumaratunga	Chandrika Kumaratunga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_Sabres	Buffalo Sabres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Youri_Mulder	Youri Mulder
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teddy_Sheringham	Teddy Sheringham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuchâtel_Xamax	Neuchâtel Xamax FCS
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bancomext	Bancomext
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Laudrup	Brian Laudrup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leeds	Leeds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thierry_Henry	Thierry Henry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuart_McCall	Stuart McCall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venice	Venice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Ireland_national_football_team	Republic of Ireland national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chatichai_Choonhavan	Chatichai Choonhavan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Furyk	Jim Furyk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harlequins_Rugby_League	London Broncos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocker_Spaniel	Cocker Spaniel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falkirk_F.C.	Falkirk F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vladimír_Mečiar	Vladimír Mečiar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florence_Masnada	Florence Masnada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_National_Congress	African National Congress
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laban_Rotich	Laban Rotich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._Open_(golf)	U.S. Open (golf)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carole_Montillet	Carole Montillet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankfurt_Stock_Exchange	Frankfurt Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haile_Gebrselassie	Haile Gebrselassie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Garforth	Darren Garforth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Son_Sen	Son Sen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidya_Touré	Sidya Touré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Betis	Real Betis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Veldman	John Veldman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharjah_(emirate)	Emirate of Sharjah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miami	Miami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALBA_Berlin	Alba Berlin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ong_Ewe_Hock	Ong Ewe Hock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heathrow,_London	Heathrow Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lille_OSC	Lille OSC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandro_Moscardi	Alessandro Moscardi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czechs	Czechs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrik_Andersson	Patrik Andersson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svetlana_Paramygina	Svetlana Paramygina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Congress_of_Brazil	National Congress of Brazil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cy_Young_Award	Cy Young Award
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beijing	Beijing
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hércules_CF	Hércules CF
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William_Sound	Prince William Sound
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwich_City_F.C.	Norwich City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amr_Shabana	Amr Shabana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_Controls	Johnson Controls
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warsaw	Warsaw
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Goram	Andy Goram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Rock,_Arkansas	Little Rock, Arkansas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Baden	Treaty of Baden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rohan_Robinson	Rohan Robinson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payne_Stewart	Payne Stewart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Ferguson_(footballer_born_1967)	Ian Ferguson (footballer, born 1967)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sisters_of_Loreto	Sisters of Loreto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doetinchem	Doetinchem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Trandenkov	Igor Trandenkov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lebanon	Lebanon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Israel	Bank of Israel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Jersey	New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matt_Stairs	Matt Stairs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heidrun_oil_field	Heidrun oil field
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Trueman	Fred Trueman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Shkvyrin	Igor Shkvyrin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Premier_League	Scottish Premier League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deportivo_de_La_Coruña	Deportivo de La Coruña
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_See	Holy See
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbil	Erbil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neo-Nazism	Neo-Nazism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Powell	Chris Powell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edmonton_Oilers	Edmonton Oilers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YMCA	YMCA
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congo_DR_national_football_team	DR Congo national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ann_Grossman	Ann Grossman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Jeter	Derek Jeter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Baiocchi	Hugh Baiocchi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson_A._Miles	Nelson A. Miles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SNCF	SNCF
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buenaventura,_Valle_del_Cauca	Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donovan_Bailey	Donovan Bailey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peterborough_United_F.C.	Peterborough United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rod_Beck	Rod Beck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tórshavn	Tórshavn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulsan_Hyundai_FC	Ulsan Hyundai FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boris_Becker	Boris Becker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Haifa_F.C.	Hapoel Haifa F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsui	Mitsui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empire_State_Building	Empire State Building
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleksander_Kwaśniewski	Aleksander Kwaśniewski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabio_Capello	Fabio Capello
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibet	Tibet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montpelier,_Vermont	Montpelier, Vermont
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yvonne_McGregor	Yvonne McGregor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SC_Tavriya_Simferopol	SC Tavriya Simferopol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iván_García	Iván García
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaap_Stam	Jaap Stam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Johansson	Thomas Johansson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonora	Sonora
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SK_Brann	SK Brann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Louis_Debré	Jean-Louis Debré
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brunei	Brunei
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Davis_(baseball)	Eric Davis (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wimbledon_Championships	The Championships, Wimbledon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corina_Morariu	Corina Morariu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_María_Olazábal	José María Olazábal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Parrett	Jeff Parrett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Hobday	Justin Hobday
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_(newspaper)	Dawn (newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cronulla-Sutherland_Sharks	Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Platt_(footballer)	David Platt (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_Abbott	Kurt Abbott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baudouin_of_Belgium	Baudouin of Belgium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anna_Kournikova	Anna Kournikova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hicham_El_Guerrouj	Hicham El Guerrouj
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scotland_national_rugby_union_team	Scotland national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamo_Sports_Club	Dynamo Sports Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPAL_1907	S.P.A.L.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raja_Casablanca	Raja Casablanca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grégory_Carraz	Grégory Carraz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Boxing_Organization	World Boxing Organization
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subaru_Impreza	Subaru Impreza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stagecoach_Group	Stagecoach Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dally_Randriantefy	Dally Randriantefy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Monetary_Fund	International Monetary Fund
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jersey	Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_African_Republic_national_football_team	Central African Republic national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syria	Syria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimberley,_Northern_Cape	Kimberley, Northern Cape
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picabo_Street	Picabo Street
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.C._Milan	A.C. Milan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cathy_Freeman	Cathy Freeman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delino_DeShields	Delino DeShields
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ángeles_Montolio	Ángeles Montolio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enrico_Chiesa	Enrico Chiesa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wenchang	Wenchang
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umm_Qasr	Umm Qasr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rui_Costa	Rui Costa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany	Germany
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stevenage_F.C.	Stevenage F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anil_Kumble	Anil Kumble
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MSV_Duisburg	MSV Duisburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antoine_Lahad	Antoine Lahad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tonga	Tonga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Sutton	Chris Sutton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annemari_Sandell-Hyvärinen	Annemari Sandell-Hyvärinen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Di_Venuto	Michael Di Venuto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_van_Eijden	Jan van Eijden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Clavet	Francisco Clavet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Affleck	Paul Affleck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_Illinois_University_Carbondale	Southern Illinois University Carbondale
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manuel_Medina_(boxer)	Manuel Medina (boxer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kandahar	Kandahar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Said	Edward Said
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Johnson_(squash_player)	Paul Johnson (squash player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerry_Britton	Gerry Britton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Stottlemyre	Todd Stottlemyre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_League_West	American League West
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_White_(squash_player)	John White (squash player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xiomara_Rivero	Xiomara Rivero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_I_of_England	Elizabeth I of England
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zinzan_Brooke	Zinzan Brooke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essendon_Football_Club	Essendon Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eamonn_Darcy	Eamonn Darcy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khaled_Al_Zaher	Khaled Al Zaher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venezuela	Venezuela
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nevil_Dede	Nevil Dede
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_of_Australia	Liberal Party of Australia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cricket_World_Cup	Cricket World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unión_de_Santa_Fe	Unión de Santa Fe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlantic_City,_New_Jersey	Atlantic City, New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Knicks	New York Knicks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mae_Sot	Mae Sot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naoto_Kan	Naoto Kan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee's_Summit,_Missouri	Lee's Summit, Missouri
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lanarkshire	Lanarkshire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/News_Corporation	News Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steffen_Freund	Steffen Freund
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Győri_ETO_FC	Győri ETO FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_McGrath_(footballer)	Paul McGrath (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punjab,_Pakistan	Punjab, Pakistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toftir	Toftir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russ_Cochran	Russ Cochran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barcelona	Barcelona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Province_of_Mantua	Province of Mantua
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miles_Tunnicliff	Miles Tunnicliff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atalanta_B.C.	Atalanta B.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wasim_Akram	Wasim Akram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montrose_F.C.	Montrose F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pernilla_Wiberg	Pernilla Wiberg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilde_Synnøve_Lid	Hilde Synnøve Lid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel_national_under-21_football_team	Israel national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Stimpson	Tim Stimpson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serbs	Serbs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longyearbyen	Longyearbyen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heath_Streak	Heath Streak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leyton_Orient_F.C.	Leyton Orient F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkansas_State_Police	Arkansas State Police
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sliema	Sliema
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ETA	Eta (disambiguation)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_League_for_Democracy	National League for Democracy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ipswich_Town_F.C.	Ipswich Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgium_national_football_team	Belgium national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayne_Riley	Wayne Riley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oerlikon_(Zürich)	Oerlikon (Zürich)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latvia	Latvia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlante_F.C.	Atlante F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimmy_Key	Jimmy Key
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curitiba	Curitiba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luke_Jensen	Luke Jensen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eleusina	Eleusis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flachau	Flachau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franco_Baresi	Franco Baresi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billa_(supermarket)	Billa (supermarket)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graeme_Obree	Graeme Obree
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbert_Prohaska	Herbert Prohaska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Nyariki	Tom Nyariki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klas_Eriksson	Klas Eriksson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan_Herta	Bryan Herta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WGC-Bridgestone_Invitational	WGC Invitational
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottawa	Ottawa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Els_Callens	Els Callens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferencvárosi_TC	Ferencvárosi TC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._Cremonese	U.S. Cremonese
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilpancingo	Chilpancingo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmoud_Abbas	Mahmoud Abbas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antioquia_Department	Antioquia Department
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copenhagen	Copenhagen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_Steel	China Steel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara_Rittner	Barbara Rittner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dejan_Stefanović	Dejan Stefanović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mário_Jardel	Mário Jardel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forsa_institute	Forsa Institute
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metro_AG	Metro AG
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurotunnel	Getlink
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lega_Nord	Lega Nord
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joël_Smets	Joël Smets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wen_Wei_Po	Wen Wei Po
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasushi_Akashi	Yasushi Akashi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roermond	Roermond
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Warhurst	Paul Warhurst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pilot_Pen_Tennis	Connecticut Open (tennis)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Beardsley	Peter Beardsley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julius_Nyerere	Julius Nyerere
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulf_Kirsten	Ulf Kirsten
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melvin_Nieves	Melvin Nieves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monte_Carlo	Monte Carlo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vince_Lombardi	Vince Lombardi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RMS_Titanic	RMS Titanic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leipzig/Halle_Airport	Leipzig/Halle Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uttar_Pradesh	Uttar Pradesh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al-Aqsa_Mosque	Al-Aqsa Mosque
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Cup_(athletics)	European Cup (athletics)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grozny	Grozny
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdou_Diouf	Abdou Diouf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iain_Pyman	Iain Pyman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scotland_national_football_team	Scotland national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Chopra	Daniel Chopra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Hodgson	Neil Hodgson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filip_De_Wilde	Filip De Wilde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codelco	Codelco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ajay_Jadeja	Ajay Jadeja
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Lehmann	Darren Lehmann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Crying_Game	The Crying Game
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diego_Borrego	Diego Borrego
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayr_United_F.C.	Ayr United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._Charleroi_S.C.	R. Charleroi S.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SBC_Communications	History of AT&amp;T
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crewe_Alexandra_F.C.	Crewe Alexandra F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agnieszka_Kotlarska	Agnieszka Kotlarska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Enqvist	Thomas Enqvist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mediaset	Mediaset
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai	Shanghai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Udinese_Calcio	Udinese Calcio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filippo_Inzaghi	Filippo Inzaghi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forrest_Gump	Forrest Gump
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Crafar	Simon Crafar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julen_Lopetegui	Julen Lopetegui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_Gooch	Graham Gooch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daryll_Cullinan	Daryll Cullinan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Luc_Brassard	Jean-Luc Brassard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liège	Liège
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PGA_European_Tour	PGA European Tour
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guangzhou	Guangzhou
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halifax_RLFC	Halifax R.L.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Gore	Al Gore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northampton_Saints	Northampton Saints
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kassala_(state)	Kassala (state)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abulhassan_Banisadr	Abolhassan Banisadr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telkom_Indonesia	Telkom Indonesia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarmac_(company)	Tarmac (company)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FTSE_100_Index	FTSE 100 Index
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubén_Sierra	Rubén Sierra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numico	Nutricia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athens	Athens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ari-Pekka_Nikkola	Ari-Pekka Nikkola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Brabham	David Brabham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murat_Yakin	Murat Yakin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Möller	Andreas Möller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaquín_del_Olmo	Joaquín del Olmo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Democratic_Party_of_Switzerland	Free Democratic Party of Switzerland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasuto_Honda	Yasuto Honda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stewart_Ginn	Stewart Ginn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raphaël_Wicky	Raphaël Wicky
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travis_Fryman	Travis Fryman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oakland_Athletics	Oakland Athletics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre-Henri_Raphanel	Pierre-Henri Raphanel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van,_Turkey	Van, Turkey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somalia	Somalia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suraj_Bhan	Suraj Bhan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Clean	Mr. Clean
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montpellier_HSC	Montpellier HSC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulf_of_Mexico	Gulf of Mexico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Ferrer	Albert Ferrer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haaretz	Haaretz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dick_Schreuder	Dick Schreuder
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Gagne_(baseball)	Greg Gagne (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Andersson	Andreas Andersson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Owen_Finegan	Owen Finegan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Colleter	Patrick Colleter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essilor	Essilor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southend_United_F.C.	Southend United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Labour_Organization	International Labour Organization
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurice_Graef	Maurice Graef
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SV_Ried	SV Ried
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MTK_Hungária_FC	MTK Budapest FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olivier_Panis	Olivier Panis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MFK_Dubnica	FK Dubnica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minneapolis	Minneapolis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novye_Atagi	Novye Atagi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damascus	Damascus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S.L._Benfica	S.L. Benfica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kapil_Dev	Kapil Dev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notts_County_F.C.	Notts County F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominique_Baratelli	Dominique Baratelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lancashire_County_Cricket_Club	Lancashire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukyo_Katayama	Ukyo Katayama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Motors	General Motors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newbridge_RFC	Newbridge RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Siemerink	Jan Siemerink
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_McAteer	Jason McAteer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shivnarine_Chanderpaul	Shivnarine Chanderpaul
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academy_Award_for_Best_Actor	Academy Award for Best Actor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hasan_Muratović	Hasan Muratović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trincomalee	Trincomalee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuriy_Nikiforov	Yuriy Nikiforov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Clark	Tony Clark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Moreau	Francis Moreau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefan_Kuntz	Stefan Kuntz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clube_Atlético_Mineiro	Clube Atlético Mineiro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pallacanestro_Treviso	Pallacanestro Treviso
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_West_(South_African_province)	North West (South African province)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dong_Jiong	Dong Jiong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Howard	John Howard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Farr-Jones	Nick Farr-Jones
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindanao	Mindanao
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucas_Moreira_Neves	Lucas Moreira Neves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Sinton	Andy Sinton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cincinnati_Bengals	Cincinnati Bengals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sussex_County_Cricket_Club	Sussex County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balkan_Bulgarian_Airlines	Balkan Bulgarian Airlines
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aimé_Jacquet	Aimé Jacquet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mladá_fronta_DNES	Mladá fronta DNES
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuart_Appleby	Stuart Appleby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Battleford	North Battleford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_people	Australians
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D._A._Weibring	D. A. Weibring
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SK_Dynamo_České_Budějovice	SK Dynamo České Budějovice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amalgamated_Roadstone_Corporation	Amalgamated Roadstone Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobby_Bonilla	Bobby Bonilla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Heart_Foundation	British Heart Foundation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tampa_Bay_Lightning	Tampa Bay Lightning
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianfranco_Zola	Gianfranco Zola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lloyd_Axworthy	Lloyd Axworthy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Marine_Corps	United States Marine Corps
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Severiano_Ballesteros	Seve Ballesteros
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Watson_(golfer)	Tom Watson (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maccabi_Haifa_F.C.	Maccabi Haifa F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merrill_Lynch	Merrill Lynch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Birch	Bill Birch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarence_Seedorf	Clarence Seedorf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Nantes	FC Nantes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_the_United_States	Flag of the United States
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Henman	Tim Henman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MŠK_Žilina	MŠK Žilina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh	Pittsburgh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tranmere_Rovers_F.C.	Tranmere Rovers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Azad_Kashmir	Azad Kashmir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karachi	Karachi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Schuman	Robert Schuman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antwerp	Antwerp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Estes	Bob Estes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hednesford_Town_F.C.	Hednesford Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sławomir_Wojciechowski	Sławomir Wojciechowski
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ange-Félix_Patassé	Ange-Félix Patassé
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Ward	Dean Ward
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Woolmer	Bob Woolmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrea_Giaconi	Andrea Giaconi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vidadi_Rzayev	Vidadi Rzayev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Bengal	West Bengal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tegla_Loroupe	Tegla Loroupe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mansfield_Town_F.C.	Mansfield Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norodom_Sihanouk	Norodom Sihanouk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Conference_Board	The Conference Board
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_North_Central_States	East North Central states
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Griffey,_Jr.	Ken Griffey Jr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chipper_Jones	Chipper Jones
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Mayfair	Billy Mayfair
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virakesari	Virakesari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandro_Del_Piero	Alessandro Del Piero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PFC_Levski_Sofia	PFC Levski Sofia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paulo_Roberto_do_Carmo	Paulo Roberto do Carmo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Whittall	Andy Whittall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabine_Hack	Sabine Hack
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France_Télécom	Orange S.A.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia_Open_(badminton)	Malaysia Open (badminton)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camelot,_Chesapeake,_Virginia	Camelot, Chesapeake, Virginia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Luis_Caminero	José Luis Caminero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Des_Terblanche	Des Terblanche
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonid_Kuchma	Leonid Kuchma
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgia_(country)	Georgia (country)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Collins_(footballer)	John Collins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonn	Bonn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akira_Ryō	Akira Ryō
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuttgart	Stuttgart
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_Summer_Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Bagwell	Jeff Bagwell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Marino_national_football_team	San Marino national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyōko_Nagatsuka	Kyōko Nagatsuka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manhattan	Manhattan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rugby_Football_Union	Rugby Football Union
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reform_Party_of_the_United_States_of_America	Reform Party of the United States of America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Negro	Paolo Negro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Václav_Klaus	Václav Klaus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donaldson,_Lufkin_&_Jenrette	Donaldson, Lufkin &amp; Jenrette
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southampton	Southampton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasas_SC	Vasas SC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sevilla_FC	Sevilla FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_de_Goey	Ed de Goey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robbie_Earle	Robbie Earle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_MacEachern	David MacEachern
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyngby_Boldklub	Lyngby Boldklub
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunedin	Dunedin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Stock_Exchange	Chicago Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Kelly_(footballer)	David Kelly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raith_Rovers_F.C.	Raith Rovers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilde_Gerg	Hilde Gerg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Tanui	William Tanui
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Ironi_Rishon_LeZion_F.C.	Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_Claydon	Russell Claydon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_National_Party	United National Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Adams_(cricketer)	Paul Adams (cricketer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petre_Roman	Petre Roman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bally_Shoe	Bally Shoe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_French_Empire	Second French Empire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tasmania	Tasmania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krzysztof_Piskuła	Krzysztof Piskuła
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garry_Galley	Garry Galley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa_national_rugby_union_team	South Africa national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Holdsworth	Dean Holdsworth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Footwork_Arrows	Footwork Arrows
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebastien_Tortelli	Sébastien Tortelli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulf_War	Gulf War
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coleraine_F.C.	Coleraine F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontiac,_Michigan	Pontiac, Michigan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farmington_Hills,_Michigan	Farmington Hills, Michigan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ING_Group	ING Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_Bills	Buffalo Bills
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietmar_Beiersdorfer	Dietmar Beiersdorfer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WSC_World_XI	World Series Cricket World XI
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Viktoria_Žižkov	FK Viktoria Žižkov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_Liège	Standard Liège
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Prescott	Mark Prescott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Bean	Jeff Bean
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huize_County	Huize County
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Variety_(magazine)	Variety (magazine)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlsberg_Group	Carlsberg Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_García_Junyent	Roger García Junyent
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hermann_Göring	Hermann Göring
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Democracy_(Greece)	New Democracy (Greece)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesper_Parnevik	Jesper Parnevik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linda_Wild	Linda Wild
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco	San Francisco
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italy_national_football_team	Italy national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_One_Corporation	Bank One Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Médecins_Sans_Frontières	Médecins Sans Frontières
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiwan	Taiwan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guangxi	Guangxi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Park_Sung-hee	Park Sung-hee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subaru_World_Rally_Team	Subaru World Rally Team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noel_Gallagher	Noel Gallagher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kennedy_Ochieng	Kennedy Ochieng
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Provisional_Irish_Republican_Army	Provisional Irish Republican Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landskrona	Landskrona
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hagelin	John Hagelin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luxembourg	Luxembourg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victor_Babeş	Victor Babeș
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States	United States
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worcester	Worcester
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Towers_Perrin	Towers Perrin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iranian_Kurdistan	Iranian Kurdistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Million_Man_March	Million Man March
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belarus_national_football_team	Belarus national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar_Martínez	Edgar Martínez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continental_AG	Continental AG
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ŠK_Slovan_Bratislava	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belfast	Belfast
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perugia_Calcio	A.C. Perugia Calcio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontypridd	Pontypridd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Rogers_(baseball)	Kenny Rogers (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Young_(footballer)	Scott Young
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen_Passat	Volkswagen Passat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chile_national_football_team	Chile national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Graafschap	De Graafschap
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Acre	Mark Acre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Keller	Marc Keller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tubmanburg	Tubmanburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_China_Morning_Post	South China Morning Post
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholic_Church	Catholic Church
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Matthews	Craig Matthews
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altenberg,_Germany	Altenberg, Saxony
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangladesh_Nationalist_Party	Bangladesh Nationalist Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcello_Cuttitta	Marcello Cuttitta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stéphane_Simian	Stéphane Simian
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ducati	Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burkina_Faso	Burkina Faso
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_McGinlay	Pat McGinlay
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shu_Kamo	Shu Kamo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Price_(golfer)	Terry Price (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Newfield	Marc Newfield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Springer	Christian Springer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinz-Harald_Frentzen	Heinz-Harald Frentzen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richmond_Football_Club	Richmond Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Durrës	Durrës
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miami_Heat	Miami Heat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Pacific	First Pacific
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Saint_Germain_(rugby_league_team)	Paris Saint-Germain Rugby League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algiers	Algiers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leicestershire_County_Cricket_Club	Leicestershire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emil_Constantinescu	Emil Constantinescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Best_Products	Best Products
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Association_of_Athletics_Federations	International Association of Athletics Federations
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ransart,_Belgium	Ransart, Belgium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solidere	Solidere
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Brown_(right-handed_pitcher)	Kevin Brown (right-handed pitcher)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eindhoven	Eindhoven
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_C._Kornblum	John C. Kornblum
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calgary	Calgary
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_Party_(Malta)	Labour Party (Malta)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linda_Kisabaka	Linda Kisabaka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julia_Roberts	Julia Roberts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Côte_d'Ivoire	Ivory Coast
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KBC_Bank	KBC Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geelong_Football_Club	Geelong Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Anthony	Eric Anthony
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaohsiung	Kaohsiung
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WilliamsF1	Williams Grand Prix Engineering
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panathinaikos_BC	Panathinaikos B.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lloyd_Bentsen	Lloyd Bentsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S.S.C._Napoli	S.S.C. Napoli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricardo_Rosset	Ricardo Rosset
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puerto_Rico	Puerto Rico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dore_Gold	Dore Gold
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota_Celica	Toyota Celica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_Telecom	LG Uplus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pablo_Sánchez	Pablo Sánchez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ali_Alatas	Ali Alatas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolton_Wanderers_F.C.	Bolton Wanderers F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Torpedo_Zaporizhya	FC Torpedo Zaporizhia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Mugabe	Robert Mugabe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baku	Baku
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javier_Sánchez	Javier Sánchez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcelo_Otero	Marcelo Otero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgaria	Bulgaria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_Commercial_Bank	MCB Bank Limited
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Professional_Squash_Association	Professional Squash Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcel_Desailly	Marcel Desailly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shwedagon_Pagoda	Shwedagon Pagoda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orlando_Pirates_FC	Orlando Pirates F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milan	Milan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eddo_Brandes	Eddo Brandes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xu_Nannan	Xu Nannan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tallinn	Tallinn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Foster_(baseball)	Kevin Foster (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steyr	Steyr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_Bank_of_Switzerland	Union Bank of Switzerland
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alama_Ieremia	Alama Ieremia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Europa_League	UEFA Europa League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Yankees	New York Yankees
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangladesh_Awami_League	Awami League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italy_national_rugby_union_team	Italy national rugby union team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Baker_(golfer)	Peter Baker (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abel_Balbo	Abel Balbo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauricio_Hadad	Mauricio Hadad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abraham_Lincoln	Abraham Lincoln
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Lang,_Baron_Lang_of_Monkton	Ian Lang, Baron Lang of Monkton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberation_Tigers_of_Tamil_Eelam	Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Java	East Java
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SK_Sturm_Graz	SK Sturm Graz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiananmen_Square	Tiananmen Square
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kragujevac	Kragujevac
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_Sea	Dead Sea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunge_Limited	Bunge Limited
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco_Vaccari	Marco Vaccari
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Budapest_Honvéd_FC	Budapest Honvéd FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quentin_Coryatt	Quentin Coryatt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiapas	Chiapas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_League_East	National League East
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grant_Flower	Grant Flower
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umberto_Bossi	Umberto Bossi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Berkeley	Alfred Berkeley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Harvey	Ian Harvey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javagal_Srinath	Javagal Srinath
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Anderton	Darren Anderton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco_Lietti	Marco Lietti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rob_Howley	Rob Howley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._Russell_(Essex_cricketer)	List of English cricketers (1787–1825)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberta_Brunet	Roberta Brunet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deutsche_Bundesbank	Deutsche Bundesbank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_Forsbrand	Anders Forsbrand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camilla_Martin	Camilla Martin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Cullen	Christian Cullen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunhild_Haugen	Gunhild Haugen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bledar_Kola	Bledar Kola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynda_Chalker,_Baroness_Chalker_of_Wallasey	Lynda Chalker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piper_Jaffray	Piper Jaffray
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazuyoshi_Funaki	Kazuyoshi Funaki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefaan_De_Clerck	Stefaan De Clerck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sjeng_Schalken	Sjeng Schalken
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia	Malaysia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingolstadt	Ingolstadt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik_Hanson	Erik Hanson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabri_Lamouchi	Sabri Lamouchi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Hampshire,_Ohio	New Hampshire, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miladin_Bečanović	Miladin Bečanović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolutionary_Armed_Forces_of_Colombia	Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norodom_Ranariddh	Norodom Ranariddh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pete_Wilson	Pete Wilson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_McNulty	Mark McNulty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Wakefield	Tim Wakefield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romania_national_football_team	Romania national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shannon_Airport	Shannon Airport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel_Walker	Nigel Walker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Boyd_(footballer)	Thomas Boyd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lixion_Avila	Lixion Avila
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trent_Bridge	Trent Bridge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olga_Slyusareva	Olga Slyusareva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Sainz	Carlos Sainz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mil_Mi-17	Mil Mi-17
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Division_(NBA)	Pacific Division (NBA)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jared_Tomich	Jared Tomich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Stock_Exchange	London Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Campbell	Michael Campbell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baghdad	Baghdad
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimberly_Po	Kimberly Po
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zëri_i_Popullit	Zëri i Popullit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Youri_Djorkaeff	Youri Djorkaeff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Neiwand	Gary Neiwand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Herrera_(1990s_outfielder)	José Herrera (1990s outfielder)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ohio	Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballybunion	Ballybunion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lenzing_AG	Lenzing AG
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarek_Jabban	Tarek Jabban
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuusamo	Kuusamo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lada_Togliatti	FC Lada-Tolyatti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oakland,_New_Jersey	Oakland, New Jersey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amsterdam	Amsterdam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fung_Permadi	Fung Permadi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kia_Motors	Kia Motors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frédéric_Peiremans	Frédéric Peiremans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Drnovice	FK Drnovice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicare_(United_States)	Medicare (United States)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosario_Central	Rosario Central
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martina_Hingis	Martina Hingis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcendental_Meditation	Transcendental Meditation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Department_for_International_Development	Department for International Development
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barnet_F.C.	Barnet F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angola	Angola
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christine_Magnusson	Christine Magnusson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Sloga_Jugomagnat	FK Sloga Jugomagnat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenneth_Benjamin	Kenny Benjamin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ExxonMobil	ExxonMobil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ogün_Temizkanoğlu	Ogün Temizkanoğlu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Bscher	Thomas Bscher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/André_Trulsen	André Trulsen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicky_Boje	Nicky Boje
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Al	El Al
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zelimkhan_Yandarbiyev	Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SC_Freiburg	SC Freiburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Seale	Patrick Seale
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Des_Smyth	Des Smyth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado	Colorado
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Keter	Joseph Keter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johannesburg	Johannesburg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rowanduz	Rawandiz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nathalie_Dechy	Nathalie Dechy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad-Diyar	Ad-Diyar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivan_Francescato	Ivan Francescato
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benghazi	Benghazi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mafikeng	Mahikeng
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fenerbahçe_S.K.	Fenerbahçe S.K.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yonsei_University	Yonsei University
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rio_Tinto_Alcan	Aluminium division of Rio Tinto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalya_Torshina-Alimzhanova	Natalya Torshina-Alimzhanova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Weather_Service	National Weather Service
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/São_Paulo_FC	São Paulo FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Little_(rugby_union)	Jason Little (rugby union)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KIL_Toppfotball	Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darren_Eadie	Darren Eadie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nottinghamshire_County_Cricket_Club	Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaandam	Zaandam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferdi_Vierklau	Ferdi Vierklau
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Ogris	Andreas Ogris
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Rudar_Ugljevik	FK Rudar Ugljevik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Thom	Andreas Thom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeroen_Blijlevens	Jeroen Blijlevens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathias_Ntawulikura	Mathias Ntawulikura
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juliet_Cuthbert	Juliet Cuthbert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield_United_F.C.	Sheffield United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academy_Award	Academy Awards
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prestwick	Prestwick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dieter_Eilts	Dieter Eilts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muttiah_Muralitharan	Muttiah Muralitharan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zabrze	Zabrze
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houston_Cougars_football	Houston Cougars football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Clippers	Los Angeles Clippers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_people	Tamils
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jörg_Heinrich	Jörg Heinrich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jürgen_Kohler	Jürgen Kohler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ards_F.C.	Ards F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takuya_Takagi	Takuya Takagi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_Swans	Sydney Swans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriele_Colombo	Gabriele Colombo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Martyn	Tommy Martyn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicola_Mazzucato	Nicola Mazzucato
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_Eelam_Liberation_Organization	Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Stanley	Mike Stanley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington,_D.C.	Washington, D.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estonian_Reform_Party	Estonian Reform Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KK_Split	KK Split
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PFC_Nyva_Vinnytsia	FC Nyva Vinnytsia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nevill_Ground	Nevill Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les_Ferdinand	Les Ferdinand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_studies	American studies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Moyer	Jamie Moyer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauritius_national_football_team	Mauritius national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Candiotti	Tom Candiotti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiltshire	Wiltshire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethiopia_national_football_team	Ethiopia national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kate_Pace	Kate Pace
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_McGeechan	Ian McGeechan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Redskins	Washington Redskins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordan_Grand_Prix	Jordan Grand Prix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dayton_Agreement	Dayton Agreement
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isthmus_of_Tehuantepec	Isthmus of Tehuantepec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Granma_(newspaper)	Granma (newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Scientist	New Scientist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Lomas	Jonathan Lomas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pohang_Steelers	Pohang Steelers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Butcher	Mark Butcher
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_van_Vuuren	Steve van Vuuren
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France_Fed_Cup_team	France Fed Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ujjain	Ujjain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Hill_(bookmaker)	William Hill (bookmaker)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanta_Braves	Atlanta Braves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Blackhawks	Chicago Blackhawks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimmy_Vasser	Jimmy Vasser
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillary_Rodham_Clinton	Hillary Clinton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Thompson	Tommy Thompson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dundee_United_F.C.	Dundee United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santos_FC	Santos FC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commack,_New_York	Commack, New York
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Lorenzo_de_Almagro	San Lorenzo de Almagro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_Indonesia	Media Indonesia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Hockey_League	National Hockey League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acatepec	Acatepec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Fischler	Franz Fischler
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brady_Anderson	Brady Anderson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrei_Chesnokov	Andrei Chesnokov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarah_Pitkowski-Malcor	Sarah Pitkowski-Malcor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nolan_Ryan	Nolan Ryan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardiff_RFC	Cardiff RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minardi	Minardi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michel_Hansenne	Michel Hansenne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_America	North America
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belém	Belém
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry,_Vale_of_Glamorgan	Barry, Vale of Glamorgan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestine	Palestine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Jews	British Jews
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukraine	Ukraine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Evans_(squash_player)	David Evans (squash player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nation_of_Islam	Nation of Islam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colombia	Colombia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minister_for_Foreign_Affairs_(Australia)	Minister for Foreign Affairs (Australia)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonella_Bellutti	Antonella Bellutti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bart_Voskamp	Bart Voskamp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Senate_Committee_on_Armed_Services	United States Senate Committee on Armed Services
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romesh_Kaluwitharana	Romesh Kaluwitharana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portuguese_Empire	Portuguese Empire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alberta	Alberta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Amateur_Championship_(golf)	United States Amateur Championship (golf)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York	New York
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonas_Björkman	Jonas Björkman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vancouver_Canucks	Vancouver Canucks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Blewett	Greg Blewett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinhard_Schwarzenberger	Reinhard Schwarzenberger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramon_Vega	Ramon Vega
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People_of_the_United_States	Americans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Johnson_(athlete)	Michael Johnson (sprinter)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanja_Damaske	Tanja Damaske
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adilson_da_Silva	Adilson da Silva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viatcheslav_Ekimov	Viatcheslav Ekimov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicosia	Nicosia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Pavlik	Roger Pavlik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Open_Championship	The Open Championship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shane_Reynolds	Shane Reynolds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Airways	US Airways
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middlesbrough_F.C.	Middlesbrough F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theodoros_Pangalos	Theodoros Pangalos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramón_Ramírez	Ramón Ramírez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Babb	Phil Babb
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanta_Hawks	Atlanta Hawks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elgin_City_F.C.	Elgin City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babel_(newspaper)	Babel (newspaper)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergi_Barjuán	Sergi Barjuán
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jonzon	Michael Jonzon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Levitt	Arthur Levitt
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Ausmus	Brad Ausmus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doncaster_Cup	Doncaster Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazakhstan	Kazakhstan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racing_de_Santander	Racing de Santander
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bath_Rugby	Bath Rugby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_First	New Zealand First
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelė_Žilinskienė	Nelė Žilinskienė
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nepali_Congress	Nepali Congress
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teemu_Selänne	Teemu Selänne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobby_Charlton	Bobby Charlton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Brown_(athlete)	Steve Brown (athlete)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bethlehem	Bethlehem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Orleans_Saints	New Orleans Saints
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabio_Baldato	Fabio Baldato
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levothyroxine	Levothyroxine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/O_Globo	O Globo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liverpool_F.C.	Liverpool F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliuska_López	Aliuska López
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsubishi_Lancer	Mitsubishi Lancer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yukio_Hatoyama	Yukio Hatoyama
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rwanda	Rwanda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece	Greece
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deutsche_Mark	Deutsche Mark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon_Durie	Gordon Durie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_Fulst	Guido Fulst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_Le_Tissier	Matt Le Tissier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Van_Poppel	Todd Van Poppel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sri_Lanka	Sri Lanka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harare	Harare
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oscar_Luigi_Scalfaro	Oscar Luigi Scalfaro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Dubovský	Peter Dubovský
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basque_Country_(autonomous_community)	Basque Country (autonomous community)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erjon_Bogdani	Erjon Bogdani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Atherton	Michael Atherton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuscany	Tuscany
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montreal	Montreal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Chen_(badminton)	Wang Chen (badminton)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mont-sur-Marchienne	Mont-sur-Marchienne
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rui_Barros	Rui Barros
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_Legislative_Council	Palestinian Legislative Council
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Twente	FC Twente
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Antwerp_FC	Royal Antwerp F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maarten_den_Bakker	Maarten den Bakker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Newcombe	John Newcombe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Dhabi_(emirate)	Emirate of Abu Dhabi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sammy_Sosa	Sammy Sosa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Competition_Commission_(United_Kingdom)	Competition Commission
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CITIC_Pacific	CITIC Limited
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordan	Jordan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valero_Energy_Corporation	Valero Energy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statoil	Equinor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cleveland_Cavaliers	Cleveland Cavaliers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devon_White_(baseball)	Devon White (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Land	British Land
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florida_Marlins	Miami Marlins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gail_Devers	Gail Devers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACF_Fiorentina	ACF Fiorentina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hicham_Arazi	Hicham Arazi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dushanbe	Dushanbe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany_Davis_Cup_team	Germany Davis Cup team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan_national_football_team	Japan national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massoud_Rajavi	Massoud Rajavi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippe_Séguin	Philippe Séguin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fremantle_Football_Club	Fremantle Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Basketball_Association	National Basketball Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Las_Cruces,_New_Mexico	Las Cruces, New Mexico
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenwich_Mean_Time	Greenwich Mean Time
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swansea_City_A.F.C.	Swansea City A.F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magna_International	Magna International
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Court_of_Appeals_for_the_Fourth_Circuit	United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irvine,_California	Irvine, California
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhahran	Dhahran
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Curuchet	Juan Curuchet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathmandu	Kathmandu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunder_Bay	Thunder Bay
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robbie_McEwen	Robbie McEwen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Željko_Petrović	Željko Petrović
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_Wright_(baseball)	Ron Wright (baseball)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S.S._Lazio	S.S. Lazio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkshire_County_Cricket_Club	Yorkshire County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barangay_Ginebra_Kings	Barangay Ginebra San Miguel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Chicago_Bank	First Chicago Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_Labor_Party	Israeli Labor Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudan_national_football_team	Sudan national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wigan	Wigan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brisbane_Broncos	Brisbane Broncos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda_Racing_Corporation	Honda Racing Corporation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bradford_Bulls	Bradford Bulls
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beşiktaş_J.K.	Beşiktaş J.K.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SD_Compostela	SD Compostela
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chongqing	Chongqing
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garamba_National_Park	Garamba National Park
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Kneipp	Joseph Kneipp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empoli_F.C.	Empoli F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball_Most_Valuable_Player_Award	Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markus_Babbel	Markus Babbel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brighton_&_Hove_Albion_F.C.	Brighton &amp; Hove Albion F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SunGard	SunGard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mosenergo	Mosenergo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dallas_Cowboys	Dallas Cowboys
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daily_News_(New_York)	New York Daily News
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitesse	Vitesse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Open	Australian Open
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diego_Domínguez	Diego Domínguez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialist_Party_of_Serbia	Socialist Party of Serbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Kings	Los Angeles Kings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vatican_City	Vatican City
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilhelmina_of_the_Netherlands	Wilhelmina of the Netherlands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_Summer_Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esporte_Clube_Juventude	Esporte Clube Juventude
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gete_Wami	Gete Wami
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Couto	Fernando Couto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alen_Bokšić	Alen Bokšić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornell_Brown	Cornell Brown
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brussels	Brussels
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_St._Gallen	FC St. Gallen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salomon_Brothers	Salomon Brothers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sven_Strüver	Sven Strüver
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victoria_Falls,_Zimbabwe	Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverness_Caledonian_Thistle_F.C.	Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holzgerlingen	Holzgerlingen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Associação_Portuguesa_de_Desportos	Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Langmore	John Langmore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Ramos-Horta	José Ramos-Horta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_McCarron	Scott McCarron
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strobe_Talbott	Strobe Talbott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herculez_Gomez	Herculez Gomez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulbuddin_Hekmatyar	Gulbuddin Hekmatyar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Symcox	Pat Symcox
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sparta_Prague	AC Sparta Prague
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rashid_Sidek	Rashid Sidek
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valletta	Valletta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arminia_Bielefeld	Arminia Bielefeld
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hartlepool_United_F.C.	Hartlepool United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Washington_Post	The Washington Post
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ABN_AMRO	ABN AMRO
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pro_Bowl	Pro Bowl
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chenab_River	Chenab River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-Nazzjon	In-Nazzjon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_VI,_Holy_Roman_Emperor	Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.C._Monza_Brianza_1912	A.C. Monza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Dodgers	Los Angeles Dodgers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Piazza	Mike Piazza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Nyva_Ternopil	PFC Nyva Ternopil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariano_Rivera	Mariano Rivera
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wenatchee,_Washington	Wenatchee, Washington
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Botham	Ian Botham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenville_Braves	Greenville Braves
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows	Microsoft Windows
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankie_Fredericks	Frankie Fredericks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_P._Casey	Bob Casey Sr.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Foreign_Affairs_(Turkey)	Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Turkey)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Wright_(footballer)	Paul Wright (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saqlain_Mushtaq	Saqlain Mushtaq
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Leonard	Justin Leonard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richter_magnitude_scale	Richter magnitude scale
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_Prairies	Canadian Prairies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Oxford	University of Oxford
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabina_Panzanini	Sabina Panzanini
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Chapman_(golfer)	Roger Chapman (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prague_Stock_Exchange	Prague Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazanlak	Kazanlak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC_Lens	RC Lens
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les_Échos_(France)	Les Echos (France)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Azerbaijan	Azerbaijan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sunday_Telegraph	The Sunday Telegraph
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gong_Zhichao	Gong Zhichao
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dayton,_Ohio	Dayton, Ohio
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bailundo	Bailundo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rennes	Rennes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlético_Vélez_Sársfield	Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Atherton	Peter Atherton
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_da_Cruz_Carvalho	Dani (footballer, born 1976)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maronite_Church	Maronite Church
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Cotton_Exchange	New York Cotton Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Cairns_(squash_player)	Mark Cairns (squash player)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randy_Jones_(bobsleigh)	Randy Jones (bobsleigh)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claude_Lelouch	Claude Lelouch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudan	Sudan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Kryvbas_Kryvyi_Rih	FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Brown_(footballer)	Craig Brown
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dresden	Dresden
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdalá_Bucaram	Abdalá Bucaram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Rapids,_Michigan	Grand Rapids, Michigan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uppsala	Uppsala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Dahl_Tomasson	Jon Dahl Tomasson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_Open_(golf)	German Open (golf)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donna_Andrews_(golfer)	Donna Andrews (golfer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Driller	Martin Driller
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA	UEFA
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Decheiver	Harry Decheiver
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sacramento_Kings	Sacramento Kings
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whistler_Mountain	Whistler Mountain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanzania	Tanzania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paola_Suárez	Paola Suárez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omaha,_Nebraska	Omaha, Nebraska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orlando_Pace	Orlando Pace
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrewsbury_Town_F.C.	Shrewsbury Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silicon_Valley	Silicon Valley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stabæk_Fotball	Stabæk Fotball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marianne_Timmer	Marianne Timmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Olsson	Sean Olsson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CRH_plc	CRH plc
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIS_Ski_Jumping_World_Cup	FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-Communism	Post-communism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Freeh	Louis Freeh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breda	Breda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia_Phillies	Philadelphia Phillies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ieng_Mouly	Ieng Mouly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongolia	Mongolia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tomás_Carbonell	Tomás Carbonell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIDOR	SIDOR
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wigan_Athletic_F.C.	Wigan Athletic F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amy_Frazier	Amy Frazier
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mustapha_Hadji	Mustapha Hadji
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minister_of_the_Interior_(France)	Minister of the Interior (France)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moscow	Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arantxa_Parra_Santonja	Arantxa Parra Santonja
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doboj	Doboj
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Rodriguez	Alex Rodriguez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BP	BP
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Aspiration_Party	New Aspiration Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shane_Kelly	Shane Kelly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florin_Prunea	Florin Prunea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Prinosil	David Prinosil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mumbai	Mumbai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yemen	Yemen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insein_Township	Insein Township
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chile	Chile
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Luís_Vidigal	José Luís Vidigal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naseem_Hamed	Naseem Hamed
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Adams_(footballer)	Tony Adams
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_Whittall	Guy Whittall
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phillip_DeFreitas	Phillip DeFreitas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Yangon	University of Yangon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Regis_(athlete)	John Regis (athlete)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keane_(company)	Keane (company)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sale_Sharks	Sale Sharks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrea_Gaudenzi	Andrea Gaudenzi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singer_World_Series	1996 Singer World Series
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tariq_Aziz	Tariq Aziz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Lamm	Richard Lamm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Félicia_Ballanger	Félicia Ballanger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Lausanne-Sport	FC Lausanne-Sport
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortuna_Düsseldorf	Fortuna Düsseldorf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AOL	AOL
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_Republican_Army	Irish Republican Army
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Tirol_Innsbruck	FC Tirol Innsbruck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WBUR	WBUR-FM
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Clipper	Royal Clipper
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collingwood_Football_Club	Collingwood Football Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series	World Series
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hutu	Hutu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birmingham	Birmingham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saskatchewan_Wheat_Pool	Saskatchewan Wheat Pool
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hibernian_F.C.	Hibernian F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aslan_Maskhadov	Aslan Maskhadov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detroit	Detroit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxford_United_F.C.	Oxford United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cape_Town	Cape Town
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellas_Verona_F.C.	Hellas Verona F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stade_Malherbe_Caen	Stade Malherbe Caen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore	Singapore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_theology	Christian theology
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yevgeny_Primakov	Yevgeny Primakov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madrid	Madrid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Martin	Todd Martin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/René_Tretschok	René Tretschok
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yevgeny_Kafelnikov	Yevgeny Kafelnikov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_world	Western world
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdul_Rashid_Dostum	Abdul Rashid Dostum
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamonts	Lamonts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Kevorkian	Jack Kevorkian
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tatjana_Mittermayer	Tatjana Mittermayer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatmir_Vata	Fatmir Vata
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordi_Cruyff	Jordi Cruyff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinny_Castilla	Vinny Castilla
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Herbert	Daniel Herbert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Williams_(athlete)	Jeff Williams (sprinter)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melbourne_Cricket_Ground	Melbourne Cricket Ground
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andre_Markgraaff	Andre Markgraaff
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klaus_Kinkel	Klaus Kinkel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolutionary_United_Front	Revolutionary United Front
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesús_Tavárez	Jesús Tavárez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VfL_Bochum	VfL Bochum
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozzie_Guillén	Ozzie Guillén
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_Bonds	Barry Bonds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_Windows	Matt Windows
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clube_Atlético_Bragantino	Clube Atlético Bragantino
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pakistan_national_cricket_team	Pakistan national cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belga_(news_agency)	Belga (news agency)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Kivu	North Kivu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Rădulescu	Alex Rădulescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leander_Paes	Leander Paes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amanda_Coetzer	Amanda Coetzer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Jose_Sharks	San Jose Sharks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perm	Perm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Crowley	Daniel Crowley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilfried_Van_Moer	Wilfried Van Moer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatima_Yusuf	Fatima Yusuf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bible	Bible
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyle_Abbott	Kyle Abbott
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sumitomo_Bank	The Sumitomo Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AEX_index	AEX index
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl-Uwe_Steeb	Carl-Uwe Steeb
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerusalem	Jerusalem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanabhoy_Palkhivala	Nanabhoy Palkhivala
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crawley	Crawley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regina_Jacobs	Regina Jacobs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Newlove	Paul Newlove
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hannon	Richard Hannon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_Party_(UK)	Labour Party (UK)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcin_Mięciel	Marcin Mięciel
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil	Brazil
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transvaal_Province	Transvaal (province)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Süddeutsche_Zeitung	Süddeutsche Zeitung
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Russell	Jeff Russell
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada	Canada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Price	Nick Price
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rugby_union	Rugby union
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hidemichi_Tanaka	Hidemichi Tanaka
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beitar_Jerusalem_F.C.	Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace_Kelly	Grace Kelly
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Suneson	Carl Suneson
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superman_(film)	Superman (disambiguation)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nairobi	Nairobi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Dalglish	Kenny Dalglish
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worthing	Worthing
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_High_Commissioner_for_Refugees	United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svetlana_Masterkova	Svetlana Masterkova
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freetown	Freetown
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianni_Versace	Gianni Versace
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhavnagar	Bhavnagar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_Atlas	Atlas F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trenidad_Hubbard	Trenidad Hubbard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Orr	Gary Orr
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imam_Utomo	Imam Utomo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Dowd	Craig Dowd
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronan_Rafferty	Ronan Rafferty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Ziege	Christian Ziege
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Cameron_(footballer)	Colin Cameron (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ascot_Racecourse	Ascot Racecourse
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashoknagar	Ashoknagar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movladi_Udugov	Movladi Udugov
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Himalayas	Himalayas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woodridge,_Illinois	Woodridge, Illinois
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/En_Avant_de_Guingamp	En Avant de Guingamp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marshall_Faulk	Marshall Faulk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hove	Hove
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicaraguans	Nicaraguans
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NK_Varaždin	NK Varaždin (1931–2015)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sofia	Sofia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conchita_Martínez	Conchita Martínez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vladimir_Zhirinovsky	Vladimir Zhirinovsky
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Jets	New York Jets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_championship	World championship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1936_Summer_Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Willis	Bob Willis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Mills	Derek Mills
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yoelbi_Quesada	Yoelbi Quesada
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Sportul_Studenţesc_Bucureşti	FC Sportul Studențesc București
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAC_Breda	NAC Breda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Woodforde	Mark Woodforde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eduardo_Romero	Eduardo Romero
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Stock_Exchange	New York Stock Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Edwards_(athlete)	Jonathan Edwards
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Parke	Simon Parke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zadar	Zadar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birendra_of_Nepal	Birendra of Nepal
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berti_Vogts	Berti Vogts
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corsica	Corsica
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_Front_Plus	Freedom Front Plus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UD_Salamanca	UD Salamanca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airdrieonians_F.C.	Airdrieonians F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avianca	Avianca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Football_League	National Football League
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Marsh_(athlete)	Michael Marsh (sprinter)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Jarrett	Tony Jarrett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yayuk_Basuki	Yayuk Basuki
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_New_South_Wales	Supreme Court of New South Wales
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennessee	Tennessee
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Lurie	Jeffrey Lurie
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jyväskylä	Jyväskylä
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jocelyn_Gourvennec	Jocelyn Gourvennec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_Post	Financial Post
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celta_de_Vigo	RC Celta de Vigo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSCE_Minsk_Group	OSCE Minsk Group
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svetlana_Zalevskaya	Svetlana Zalevskaya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yitzhak_Mordechai	Yitzhak Mordechai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordi_Burillo	Jordi Burillo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexia_Dechaume-Balleret	Alexia Dechaume-Balleret
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walikale	Walikale
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marylebone_Cricket_Club	Marylebone Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Spartak_Moscow	FC Spartak Moscow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Slovan_Liberec	FC Slovan Liberec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gillingham_F.C.	Gillingham F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tijuana	Tijuana
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guinea_national_football_team	Guinea national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mhow	Dr. Ambedkar Nagar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czechoslovakia	Czechoslovakia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saxony	Saxony
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_Summer_Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenock_Morton_F.C.	Greenock Morton F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Víctor_Sánchez	Víctor Sánchez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanta	Atlanta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield	Sheffield
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosenborg_BK	Rosenborg BK
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Yemen	North Yemen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugene_Emeralds	Eugene Emeralds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Staouéli	Staouéli
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zahoor_Elahi	Zahoor Elahi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baburam_Bhattarai	Baburam Bhattarai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joel_Stransky	Joel Stransky
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virgilijus_Alekna	Virgilijus Alekna
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winston_Bogarde	Winston Bogarde
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Courtney_Walsh	Courtney Walsh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petra_News_Agency	Jordan News Agency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jorge_Costa	Jorge Costa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Workington_Town	Workington Town
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Universitatea_Cluj	FC Universitatea Cluj
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruno_Rodriguez	Bruno Rodriguez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anto_Drobnjak	Anto Drobnjak
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraqi_National_Congress	Iraqi National Congress
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oman	Oman
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decatur,_Illinois	Decatur, Illinois
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KV_Mechelen	K.V. Mechelen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Woosnam	Ian Woosnam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriel_Curuchet	Gabriel Curuchet
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Mercantile_Exchange	Chicago Mercantile Exchange
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ba'ath_Party	Ba'ath Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lance_Armstrong	Lance Armstrong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeddah	Jeddah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapoel_Be'er_Sheva_A.F.C.	Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Gané	Laurent Gané
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_Wheat_Board	Canadian Wheat Board
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_Lueders	Pierre Lueders
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_Cricket_Ground,_Hove	County Cricket Ground, Hove
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rose_Cheruiyot	Rose Cheruiyot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rugby_football	Rugby football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bureau_Veritas	Bureau Veritas
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulysses_S._Grant	Ulysses S. Grant
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Euro_1996	UEFA Euro 1996
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andhra_Pradesh	Andhra Pradesh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Team_Polti	Team Polti
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokoto	Sokoto
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olaf_Ludwig	Olaf Ludwig
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ole_Gunnar_Solskjær	Ole Gunnar Solskjær
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maccabi_Tel_Aviv_B.C.	Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstate_80	Interstate 80
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portsmouth	Portsmouth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Antonio_Escuredo	José Antonio Escuredo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bagram	Bagram
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brechin_City_F.C.	Brechin City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball	Major League Baseball
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donna_Weinbrecht	Donna Weinbrecht
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rui_Madeira	Rui Madeira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Boskalis_Westminster	Boskalis
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kumar_Dharmasena	Kumar Dharmasena
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Ealham	Mark Ealham
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandon_Stolle	Sandon Stolle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Llanelli_RFC	Llanelli RFC
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aston_Villa_F.C.	Aston Villa F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_people	Dutch people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valdo_Filho	Valdo Filho
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davis_Cup	Davis Cup
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarah_Thorsett	Sarah Thorsett
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayne_Ferreira	Wayne Ferreira
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuwait_national_football_team	Kuwait national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magdalena_Grzybowska	Magdalena Grzybowska
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sylvain_Bouchard	Sylvain Bouchard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Bruckner	Anton Bruckner
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breisach	Breisach
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chuck_Finley	Chuck Finley
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ciriaco_Sforza	Ciriaco Sforza
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milinko_Pantić	Milinko Pantić
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Red_Sox	Boston Red Sox
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Hollandsworth	Todd Hollandsworth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mecca	Mecca
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nir_Sivilia	Nir Sivilia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich	Munich
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uyo	Uyo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curtly_Ambrose	Curtly Ambrose
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_Wah_Bank	Ka Wah Bank
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tignes	Tignes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josef_Zieleniec	Josef Zieleniec
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Alexandrovich_Makarov	Sergey Makarov (javelin thrower)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thailand	Thailand
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mo_Vaughn	Mo Vaughn
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sierra_Leone_national_football_team	Sierra Leone national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Antonio_Spurs	San Antonio Spurs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hezbollah	Hezbollah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matagalpa	Matagalpa, Nicaragua
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FK_Zemun	FK Zemun
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leeds_Rhinos	Leeds Rhinos
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jearl_Miles_Clark	Jearl Miles Clark
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romania_national_under-21_football_team	Romania national under-21 football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Helmer	Thomas Helmer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kashmir	Kashmir
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karol_Kučera	Karol Kučera
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen	Volkswagen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_País	El País
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Petroleum_Exchange	Intercontinental Exchange Futures
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_Nadu	Tamil Nadu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gloucester_Rugby	Gloucester Rugby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis_Cardinals	St. Louis Cardinals
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gazprom	Gazprom
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jani_Soininen	Jani Soininen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McLaren	McLaren
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nolan_Henke	Nolan Henke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Union_of_Hungarians_in_Romania	Democratic Alliance of Hungarians in Romania
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Mondale	Walter Mondale
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Heseltine	Michael Heseltine
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel_Mobbs	Nigel Mobbs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Quayle	Anthony Quayle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loftus_Versfeld_Stadium	Loftus Versfeld Stadium
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoff_Aunger	Geoff Aunger
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hwang_Sun-Hong	Hwang Sun-hong
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukraine_national_football_team	Ukraine national football team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Servet_Pëllumbi	Servet Pëllumbi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mickey_Rivers	Mickey Rivers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hutnik_Kraków	Hutnik Nowa Huta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Democratic_Party_(Romania)	Social Democratic Party (Romania)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Miami_Herald	Miami Herald
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlantic_Division_(NBA)	Atlantic Division (NBA)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shawn_Estes	Shawn Estes
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racing_Club_de_Avellaneda	Racing Club de Avellaneda
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Stricker	Steve Stricker
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Zhemchuzhina-Sochi	FC Zhemchuzhina-Sochi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vavuniya	Vavuniya
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Prichard	Paul Prichard
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Yastrzhembsky	Sergey Yastrzhembsky
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Hunte	Alan Hunte
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Ruano_Pascual	Virginia Ruano Pascual
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa	South Africa
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Buchanan	Ray Buchanan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clube_Atlético_Paranaense	Club Athletico Paranaense
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Dhabi	Abu Dhabi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johan_Capiot	Johan Capiot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poles	Poles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derrick_Adkins	Derrick Adkins
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nobina_Sverige	Nobina Sverige
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Windass	Dean Windass
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preston	Preston
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Wilmots	Marc Wilmots
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Austin	Charles Austin
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marius_Hurter	Marius Hurter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pete_Harnisch	Pete Harnisch
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missionaries_of_Charity	Missionaries of Charity
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nebraska_Cornhuskers_football	Nebraska Cornhuskers football
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MŠK_Rimavská_Sobota	MŠK Rimavská Sobota
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_Diniz	Pedro Diniz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telstra	Telstra
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristie_Boogert	Kristie Boogert
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middlesex_County_Cricket_Club	Middlesex County Cricket Club
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saleem_Malik	Saleem Malik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruch_Chorzów	Ruch Chorzów
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anghel_Iordănescu	Anghel Iordănescu
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Sea	Black Sea
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirou_Charleroi	Spirou Charleroi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverness	Inverness
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JK_Tallinna_Sadam	JK Tallinna Sadam
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scunthorpe_United_F.C.	Scunthorpe United F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing	Boeing
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valencia_CF	Valencia CF
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nagoum_Yamassoum	Nagoum Yamassoum
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_Field	Progressive Field
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hintsa_kaKhawuta	Hintsa kaKhawuta
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fredi_Bobic	Fredi Bobic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heineken_Pilsener	Heineken
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdistan_Workers'_Party	Kurdistan Workers' Party
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Senate_Select_Committee_on_Intelligence	United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Tennis_Association	United States Tennis Association
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baltimore	Baltimore
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markham,_Ontario	Markham, Ontario
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khmer_people	Khmer people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Carter	Joe Carter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/André_Ribeiro	André Ribeiro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seattle	Seattle
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montserrat	Montserrat
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholicism	Catholic Church
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eschen	Eschen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_van_der_Sar	Edwin van der Sar
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_van_Bronckhorst	Giovanni van Bronckhorst
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hervé_de_Charette	Hervé de Charette
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirk_Wiese	Dirk Wiese
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC_Strasbourg	RC Strasbourg Alsace
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metropolitan_Fiber_Systems	Metropolitan Fiber Systems
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_Indonesia	Bank Indonesia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIFA	FIFA
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mississippi_River	Mississippi River
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbria	Umbria
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_Pirates	Pittsburgh Pirates
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdistan	Kurdistan
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Kerry	John Kerry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._Lecce	U.S. Lecce
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clube_de_Regatas_do_Flamengo	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralf_Kelleners	Ralf Kelleners
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mette_Bergmann	Mette Bergmann
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shell_Oil_Company	Shell Oil Company
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandra_Cacic	Sandra Cacic
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hassan_al-Turabi	Hassan Al-Turabi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miss_Universe	Miss Universe
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masami_Ihara	Masami Ihara
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Heath	Martin Heath
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raúl_González	Raúl (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puertollano	Puertollano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confederation_of_British_Industry	Confederation of British Industry
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_Tipperary	County Tipperary
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Empire	Roman Empire
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northampton_Town_F.C.	Northampton Town F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FC_Kotayk_Abovian	FC Kotayk
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Rodriguez	Frank Rodriguez
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burhanuddin_Rabbani	Burhanuddin Rabbani
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venice_Film_Festival	Venice Film Festival
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adige	Adige
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MFK_Košice	FC VSS Košice
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuba	Cuba
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianluca_Pozzi	Gianluca Pozzi
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Caucasus	North Caucasus
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_World	Arab world
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davis_Kamoga	Davis Kamoga
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manly-Warringah_Sea_Eagles	Manly Warringah Sea Eagles
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamid_Algabid	Hamid Algabid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow	Glasgow
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split_(city)	Split, Croatia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six_Nations_Championship	Six Nations Championship
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Jun_(badminton)	Sun Jun (badminton)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Highlands	Scottish Highlands
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/York_City_F.C.	York City F.C.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bergen	Bergen
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Chirac	Jacques Chirac
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republican_Party_(United_States)	Republican Party (United States)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dnevni_Avaz	Dnevni avaz
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paralympic_Games	Paralympic Games
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zvornik	Zvornik
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geronimo	Geronimo
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Cruise	Tom Cruise
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A.F.C._Bournemouth	A.F.C. Bournemouth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberia	Liberia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DAX	DAX
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_McPherson_(footballer)	Dave McPherson (footballer)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lillehammer	Lillehammer
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England_cricket_team	England cricket team
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_West_Indies	British West Indies
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bahrain	Bahrain
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lou_Gehrig	Lou Gehrig
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bessemer_Venture_Partners	Bessemer Venture Partners
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozambique	Mozambique
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenneth_Clarke	Kenneth Clarke
